Perhaps good product, but really poor service. My wife and I stopped here to purchase a bike rack for our Rav4. We noticed a Rav4 in the parking lot with a bike rack and asked the salesperson (Jim) if he could help us determine if it met some of our criteria (does not cause bike damage to mounted back tire; allows back door to swing open for rear access). Jim was telling us some things that contradicted information I had found online; so we asked if he could help us track down the owner. This was over the top for Jim and he made derogatory comments as he strutted away to hide in the back of the store.  My wife and I tracked down the Rav4 owner on our own and he was more than happy to share his experience and contradict Jim's "guesses" that were portrayed as fact.I had never been in a situation where a sales person abandoned me in a store before; so I contacted the owner (Darren). He apologized and indicated that we would receive a 20% discount on another bike rack that he had in stock and that I believed would meet our needs. I indicated I would think about the purchase offer, but really wanted an apology from the sales person. I was told the offer stood for as long as they had my desired bike rack in stock and that I would receive an apology from Jim. I decided to purchase a rack and followed up twice to make arrangements. Once I was ignored; the other time I was told they'd have to check inventory. I was never able to make arrangements to conclude the sale and never received an apology from the sales person. If you place importance on follow-through and commitment to customer satisfaction, I would suggest you consider other stores in the Madison area. I frequent several other stores that have excellent follow-through and place greater emphasis on customer satisfaction.
Been going here for specialty boat items for 10 years spanning ownership of 4 boats. Ordered something from a VERY helpful gentlemen last Saturday. I got a message the part had arrrived in precisely the time I was told... I show up to an empty store with 2 employees attending to a pallet of product. One asks me if I need help and I explain I'm there to pick up a special order part... He says "OK." and proceeds to put his hands in his pockets and talk to the girl attending to the pallet. 2 min later the girl begins walking towards us and asks my last name... She doesn't here me apparently and borderline yells "WHAT" at me. After repeating, she gets the part, tosses it on the counter, charges me and says, "Thanks" in a smart tone while walking away. Marine Max 1 mile away just got all of my business. You're welcome for a decade worth of business. Too bad you tossed it on a $3.16 part.
This place was a joke we rented 1 jet ski and brought it back with one scratch. I have been waiting over two weeks for him to tell us how much he's going to charge us why they have held our deposit. Hardly picks up Phone never calls back rarely is there.... Looked at all the good reviews thought it was a good place but I've had the worst experience ever.. By far the worst company I've ever dealt with.. Be careful!
We were out at the lake this weekend boating and towed a jet ski rented from Jet Action back to the dock.  Things happen, but when I called the office to help make arrangements for the couple "stuck" in the middle of the lake, I was treated rudely and told that "these things don't break down so I don't know what to tell you."  No suggestions or assistance was offered. I would NOT rent here.  Unhelpful and very rude.
I saw a cockroach here once.  Their ciabatta bread and crepes are almost delicious enough for me to look the other way, but I'm a little too grossed out to ever frequent this place again.
Worst Crepe !!!!!!! Being an European cafe if they don't know how to make a extremely simple Crepe, don't know what to write. We ordered 4 crepes, and they all were bad, uncooked crepe, very little filling. We are having stomach aches as well. Tried calling them and they kept us on hold for over 15 minutes..Weird!!!!  Don't know about other stuff but crepes are HORRIBLE..stay away if you are going there in the hope of a good Crepe as we did....
stop selling  day-old items as fresh and lying about it! c'mon!
I was dismayed by the poor service at the VetMed location.  After purchasing a pricey Roasted Red Pepper w smoked gouda soup, I was handed a cold soup and told to heat it up in the microwave.  Unsanitary and unprofessional.
Me giving one star is gracious. My roommate and I went here tonight. I have been to this restaurant when it was just the sushi room and loved it! However tonight was different. I made a reservation for 630, the hostess asked us to sit at the bar while they prepared the table,and then sat 12 other people at the table before she remembered the two of us. When we sat down we ordered, the waitress took forever to bring the soup which was Luke warm at best and tasted like soapy dish water. The salad didn't come until the chef started making our food. This was good. But as everyone was receiving their fried rice and steamed rice,my roommate and I noticed we had not gotten our steamed rice. We had to ask another waiter for rice.I had new York steak and shrimp. My roomie had chicken and filet mignon. My steak was over cooked I asked for medium rare. Her chicken as well was over cooked. Neither were seasoned barely at all. The shrimp was good tho. Unfortunately after I saw the owner ask a table full of people who were done eating and chatting if they could please move because while they appreciate their business there were people waiting. I knew my complaints would be irrelevant.Needless to say I'm disappointed in the food, the service, all of it. And will never go back for tempanyaki. They have alot of kinks to work out.
Yuck! Specialty rolls were definitely nothing special. Tasted like a packaged California roll you buy in a grocery store. The $9 short ribs were cold and super salty. When I told the waiter all he said was "sorry" and walked off. Maybe the Teppanyaki is better but if you want sushi or hand rolls drive east 10 minutes to Otaku!
Very bad customer service! Look out for the lady ismara behind the counter. She is the wetzel pretzel devil!
I walked up while the manager was cashiering. He was talking.inappropriately about a girl who.asked for an application and made it very awkward when ordering. I dont appreciate sexist people so I'll order from Auntie Anns now.
I was very upset, not with the quality of food but with the quality of management. I witnessed a manager say inappropriate things about a young girl and spoke about Wetzels and how they determine who works there. I'm sorry - but if she bought a pretzel and asked for an app, there's no excuse for rude behavior. Also, before you make snide remarks about customers, you should realize that customers pay your measly salary. Auntie Anns from now on.
Walking through the mall, sometimes you want one of those soft pretzels with dipping sauces they are serving up.On this particular occasion, we ordered the sour cream and onion pretzel with the nacho cheese and salsa dipping sauce, a garlic pretzel with nacho cheese and salsa dipping sauce, and a pretzel dog.I can't remember much else because within 15 minutes of finishing, I was in search of the ladies' room.  Stomach cramps, chills, and the sweats...ran to the toilet and out it went.  Bad cheese, perhaps(I do still visit other pretzel locations when I'm at the mall, this so happens to be the only time I visited this Auntie Anne's location.)
The pretzels didn't look so fresh, and the shift leader has an attitude.
Worst service ever. Buy 2 pretzel and large drink and get free pretzel, and display pretzel cups and don't honor that such false advertisement. Not a happy customer. Then they start arguing and getting defensive. If I could not give a star I would. They need to fix this. Use a pretzel picture instead of the pretzel cup
Just like earlier reviews , I received an attitude and bad service. Don't want to honor my card and after I downloaded my apps, don't want to do it.  If there is a lower star than 1, I'd happily give it to them.
Got this as a gift from Groupon....it was actually alot of fun...we knew we would get our butt kicked by a bunch of 12 year olds....but with that being said....they give you a 10 minute orentation about the rules which all make sense. the people managing the field do nto pay attention and inforce these safety rules. teams are not matched fairly....a bunch of 12 year olds agains a pro team....a guy on the other team stuck the barrell of his fully auto paitball gun under my face mask after he was shot out and shot me in the face. after i was out i proceeded to leave the field with my hands in the air ( as instructed) and the same guy unloaded about 15-20 rounds on me within 5 feet which again is against the rules. i questioned the guy on why he did it and he grabbed me by the shirt and proceeded to instigate a fight.  ALL OF THIS HAPPENED IN FRONT OF A YOUNG BLONDE FEMALE STAFF MEMBER WHO DID NOTHING! the staff didnt do much about this other than appologize and offer me a free visit. they contunued to let the violent gentelman stay and play when he should of been kicked out. there was also a dad and his 3 kids that  questioned the staff about the rules not being followed and they ended up leaving due to carelessness from the staff. needless to say....it would of been a ton of fun if the rules given were monotored. WILL GO TO ANOTHER PAINTBALL FACILITY NEXT TIME.
Absolutely horrible experience. I would give half a star if possible. It is overpriced for the size and style of arena. It is understaffed and unprofessional. I dropped my gun off to get work done and before I left to go to Tempe paintball to pick it up I notified the one employee on staff that I would be coming. When I got there I arrived to a locked door and after calling 17 times, knocking on the door for nearly 15 minutes and standing outside for nearly 20 minutes and leaving 2 voicemails I finally got my gun back. I will never return to Tempe Paintball nor will I ever refer a friend or enemy there... That would just be cruel. If your looking for a good place to go go to Westworld Indoor Paintball. It's a little bit of a drive but WAY more worth your money.
everything is a cluster.  the store.  the parking lot.  the people -- customers included.  full-on cluster. barely any parking for a massive, heavily polluting pick up truck.inside: avocados are the price of gold, and there are no goddamn vegan taco spices at a place that's supposed to be so fancy.  meh.  go to market district where they keep it real.  real classy!!!
the parking lot  this wholefoods is an ABOMINATION!  to compound the issue, whole foods allows their purveyors to park on centre ave (a road that is already miserable enough to drive on) and block traffic. this past monday, a shearer potato chip truck was blocking the right lane. doesn't whole foods have a loading dock i wrote an email to the district president and he had one of his store minions respond: "you can park  walgreens". sorry, i am shopping  wholefoods NOT walgreens. translation: whole foods developers were TOO CHEAP to buy the proper amount of real estate. dont even bother coming here fri-sun unless you like a clusterF*** lot full of zombies. this is the 5th WF i have shopped  (4 in florida) wholefoods should have opened in the south hills. the demographics out there would support it. this wholefoods is BUSH LEAGUE!
I have tried Whole Foods recently even after hearing about the attitude of the butthole, hipster employees and presumptuous, anti-bourgeois customers that will literally push you aside a turn their noses up at you a million times. The rumors were true!!! Even though I was only there one time, first impressions are a bitch! The selection is great! I can't afford any of it, but it's great! I have never seen such expensive rice! Here is the bro-down...The food: Plentiful and too expensive to even think of buying. The freshest fish that isn't in the Strip...but you need to take a second mortgage to buy fish for a family. I bought sushi rice, a piece of fish and a salad, my bill: $25! The salad with lettuce, carrots, chick peas, onions and about 5 pieces of chicken was $11+The employees: Hipsters with thick-rimmed glasses, tattoos and facial piercings that slack like I have never seen "workers" slack before. In fact there was a sign above some fresh fish stating "We will prepare you fish any way you want, just ask" HA...HA! When I asked to have a tiny fish to be filleted (something that would take me about 10 seconds at home) I was scoffed at by the so called fish monger who was obviously not a trained fish monger, but got his job because of his Progressive music of the soviet era bachelors degree . It took him the better part of 20 minutes to fillet a f-ing fish! All I got was a chopped up piece of crap that was useless. And scoffing is what these people are good at. Pushing your cart down the aisles is like running a scoffing gauntlet. Staff huff and puff when you get in their way! The cashiers just stand and talk to each other or run to get organic iced tea to drink WHILE they ring you up...they don't even do that at Giant Eagle!The other customers: This one is a peach! If you're not pulling in a good $60K a year you are dirt to these people. I was at the salad bar (it is a good salad bar, but expensive) an older woman in a mink coat bumped, no, pushed into me then stared at me and turned her nose up at me, can you believe it She actually turned her nose up at me! Others in the aisles will grunt like cantankerous old people if they can't get through. They push ahead in line, give you dirty looks, and act like it's a class struggle...it kind of is!So unless you have a lot (i mean A LOT) of disposable income, have never needed to use coupons, drive a $50K car (parking is terrible there), are the president of the United States, CEO of Microsoft, a widow whose wardrobe is more extensive than the explanation of the formula explaining an event horizon or a hipster who looks poor, but lives off daddy and mommy (though they'll never admit it) you shouldn't and really won't be able to afford this place...but why would you want toI'll stick with Trader Joe's for my alternative market, thank you! I prefer employees with edges that are a little rough to ones with pants so tight, I can see their junk.
I always thought 1-star reviews on Yelp were written by bitter, resentful people who had nothing better to do than just complain. But now I feel their pain. It really doesn't hit you, until it... hits you.You pay a premium at WF, you expect a premium, right Well parking is part of the shopping experience. It's why they have parking lots in the first place. But never mind the atrocious parking lot and not being able to easily maneuver in it.I'm talking about being TOWED. Towed, not for leaving the parking lot, but for legitimately shopping at WF. Yes, this could happen to you too.Upon contacting the towing company, they demanded $135 (cash only) to return my vehicle. Upon contacting WF (since I was a legitimate shopper there and didn't leave the lot) they just shrugged their shoulders and just told me the name of the company that managed the lot.And that's it! $135 is no chump change, but it seems like WF wants me to carry an extra $135 every time I frequent them (thankfully, never, since I don't live in Pittsburgh). This whole parkingtowing situation is extremely shady, but the only company I'm going to point my finger at is Whole Foods for doing business with such a shady complex and passing the burden on to its customers.Tip: Bring an extra $135 to pay for parking, or just go to Trader Joe'sGiant Eagle for a better parkingshopping experience.
The store has a weird rotting meat smell sometimes. The selection isn't amazing but there are a few interesting items here. As other people commented there are always people hanging around outside.... But they are friendly at least to me! One thing I like about the store is the proximity to my house. The biggest let down is the sky high prices that I think GE is notorious for... I miss Kroger
Zero stars Really terrible store. High prices, THE WORST PRODUCE EVER (And no, it isn't the lighting...) and rude employees. Never mind the people hanging out out front and in the parking lot, who cares. What I'm truly concerned about is the vast discrepancy between this store and very nearly all of the other Giant Eagle locations in the Pittsburgh area. One would assume that there would be some quality control within their chain of stores. Truly sad that the North Side has so few options at which to shop for reasonably priced, fresh food. Also, enjoy getting followed around by the walleyed "undercover" employee. Looks like Lurch from the Addams Family. Good riddance.
So I got a call from Giant Eagle asking me to give my opinion of this store. My recommendation was to burn this place to the ground. Buckle up for crappy produce, rotten fish, old meat, and security guards that speck you be stealin! This is the Gh**to Eagle!
Sadly really went downhill. They switched to a new vendor, the prices went up and they are no longer having sales.
This store is so gross that I was almost sick! Onions peeled and half-rotten. Squishy garlic. Dirt everywhere. I will NEVER step foot in this place again.
Ugh...don't waste your time or your money!  I would have given it zero stars but the Mei Fun and the Pepsi were actually decent.  The buffet has the typical Chinese fair but the only thing I could come close to suggesting would be the fried shrimp, Mei Fun, and maybe the sweet and sour chicken.  Skip everything else!!!!Don't even think about eating the sushi.  I was feeling adventurous so I grabbed a few of the sushi rolls that I easily recognized (california, cucumber).  One of them tried to crawl off the plate before I got back to my seat!  The rolls were chewy and just plain gross, makes my stomach turn to think about it.Service was polite and good on the refills.Enter at your own risk!
Not very good. Dried out food. Some things cold, when they should be hot. Disappoined overall. Not clean, either. 11.99 per person not worth it.
This place is absolutely filthy. We were here last year and we decided never to go back but we thought we'd give it another try. Went for dinner tonight and was disgusted. There was old dried up rice under the tables against the wall just piled up. Wet napkins were wedged under our booth seats. Under the buffet lights, you can see splatter of food from the last decade. While I was eating, a waitress emptied plates into some bus boy buckets and some fell on the floor and she kicked it under the cart! Tons of garbage and food under these carts. Blech!! Then all the food was cold and hard. Bathroom was a hellhole. No idea why a restaurant owner would keep their place in this way.
Absolutely horrible experience. We were seated and drink order was taken by that person. Few mins later drinks were dropped off by a different person who said waitress would be over to take our order. Then 10 mins later someone came over and asked us if we wanted appetizers which we did and ordered Crab Rangoons and Spare Ribs. This person said someone would be back to take our order. Never happened. The apps came out and the guy said again someone would come take our order. So we ate our apps and still no one. No one even acknowledged us, I had to flag someone down and I said "I think our waitress has forgotten about us..." The man says "what you want" ummm to order Hes like "Yes, what you want just staring at us, no smile or apology. So we ordered and got our food about 10 mins later. Had to wait forever for our check. I think we had a different server every time someone stopped by. The Crab Rangoons were simply not Crab Rangoons. There was no cream cheese flavor whatsoever. I am not sure what they were, but not what I was expecting. The Shrimp Fried Rice tasted ok but the Shrimps were full of poo. Not deveined and completely packed with poo. Just disgusting. Wonton soup flavor was good but the actual wontons must have had a teaspoon of ginger in them. Strong and not really what I was expecting in a wonton...Whole dinner sucked. To top it off there was vomit all over the womens bathroom floor. No idea why this place was full. Many great chinese restaurants around, this is not one.
This place is bad! The service is bad, the food is bad and the prices are high! With our party of 4, we had a similar experience as Christina L. Where different waiterswaitresses would come by and awkwardly take our order, then someone else would bring out that order and then someone else would arrive to help us further.. The crab rangoons were very small and tasted generic, like something I could buy frozen at food lion and the shrimp in our meals ALSO were not deveined... And every dish we ordered was flavorless and bland... The only thing I enjoyed was the wonton soup! And then at the end of our meal, around 9:45pm we stayed at the table to chat.. Being cautious that the restaurant hours printed on the door said they close at 11pm.. A waitress came to us at 10pm and said that they were closing and they needed us to pay now... O_o  So we got up to pay and leave and the cashier man ( looked like the manager ) was so cold.. He never asked how the food was or anything, just "this how much!" And swiped the cards... Such a waste of money and time.. Worst Chinese food ever!
No go. Bought the Groupon despite the other reviews and decided to give this place a try. The location, atmosphere, and service were all good so no complaints there. The food however was not. I ordered the general chicken with brown rice and an egg roll. The chicken was all slimy dark meat and the flavor was nothing like general sauce but rather 100% strong garlic. I wasn't able to even eat hardly any of it because of the brown slimy meat. My husband ordered the garlic beef and he did not like the sauce at all. It had zero garlic taste, was way too thick, and overall wasn't very good. The egg roll was soft and mushy and is a shrimp roll so not your typical chickencabbage type. The place was super busy and I had high hopes, but ultimately the food itself was not good and we will not be back.
Restaurant is closed.
CLOSED for good.  Lost their lease, building to be torn down. Closed, closed, Closed, closed, clothes, clothes, clothes, clothes, clothes.!
I shan't be returning.Their festive signage caught me on the way to another venue for lunch, and I thought "why not Chinese"  I'll tell you why; or at least, why not to select this buffet.Being greeted on the way in with a "You are on camera" sign sure is welcoming.  I was quickly greeted, though, and directed to my seat.  My drink order was taken before I even sat down, which was nice.  Too many buffets have you walk in, sit down, select a beverage, stand up, and proceed to self-service, and it was nice to save a couple of steps.But then I got to the food.  Nearly everything had the congealed look of having been out too long; the skin on the surface of the sweet-and-sour sauce was rubbery and at least a half-centimeter thick.  Not exactly appetizing.  I did, however, find some acceptable-looking specimens and returned to my table.The warmest of the foods could only generously be called lukewarm; most of the chicken was marbled with glibbery wads of fat, and all the sauces tasted sugary and generic.  I could literally not tell the "orange chicken" from the "sesame chicken" from the "pepper chicken" by any sense other than sight.The rice was room-temperature, but I barely know this because as I was forking a mouthful of rice together on the plate, the alternately obsequious and intrusive waitstaff tried to take my plate out from under me (though, in retrospect, they may have been trying to save me).The fruit selection, which I also sampled, looked fine, but was in fact soggy and also room-temperature to lukewarm.They have a somewhat vast dessert selection -- particularly for a buffet -- but I'd more than had my fill.Walking toward the register, there was a prominent sign re-advising me that walk-outs are recorded and will be reported to the police and prosecuted.  There were three more similar signs at the registergift shop (!).  Again, very welcoming.I won't be back, unless I'm told they're under new management.
I should have kept driving when we pulled in and there's paramedics with a huge Fire Engine in front of the restaurant with gobs of odd looking people standing around the commotion.  I wanted to look at the food before agreeing to sit down and at first glance it looked pretty decent compared to other chinese buffets I've been to.  But if I can offer one piece of advice, dont go there on Fridays for lunch....apparently every Friday morning they host the local nut house for a meal.  Don't get me wrong, it's a nice gesture but after being in the middle of two pretty intense verbal altercations that quickly turned violent, I knew this was going to be one of those experiences that I would write about on Yelp!  There were at least 50 people from the rehab center inside the restaurant trying to get food from the substandard buffet.  I should have also noticed something was "up" when I saw all the rehab vans parked in the parking lot.  But trying to keep an open mind, we continued to sit down and tried to eat our meal.  There were a lot of people shouting at each other and arguing, lots of mentally ill people glaring at us almost in an antagonistic manner.  Besides all that, the food was not super hot and was pretty gross and NOT cheap!  I would NOT recommend this place for it's food and especially not on Fridays if you don't want to get assaulted by a local mental patient.
Been their once and would never return.  First it is not a buffet.  It should be named "Pancho's Mexican Kitchen Line."  This place makes Taco Bell seem gourmet!  Everything is low grade and perpetuates the stereotype that Mexican food is of low quality.  I am Mexican-American and used to changing peoples view of Mexican food because I am a good cook.  But this has to be of the lowest quality I have come across.  All the Filibertos, Ramiros and Armando's are extremely better than this place.
Are you kidding me!!! Do they really call this Mexican food!!!! WOW, cant believe its food. Only thing i liked in there was the sodas and the sopapillas, that's it. Everything else was not a pleasant taste!!!! I would not recommend this place what so ever!!!
I went there with a coupon for BOGO buffets. My stomach wishes I hadn't. Some of it was better than other. The service was great. The cheese Enchiladas were disgusting. The Sopapillas were good, the icecream was funny tasting. With the coupon it was still about $17 for two with two softdrinks and a tip, so I say skip it and go somewhere else. Your stomach will thank you.
Over the years this place has experienced a sharp decline from a place people used to want to take their kids for birthday parties and dinner after church on Sunday. It now is mostly crowed by those who are just looking for cheap food and a lot of it. Poncho's used to run commercials stating they were an all you can eat buffet but during my last trip I noticed that the eat all you want spirit had been crushed and thrown out the back door with the trash. Seriously with as much time as it takes for them to see your little flag on the table and to bring you the food item you requested you will lose intrest or just give up and and hit the taco bell drive through on your way home.The server I had did her best to keep up with the huge level of requests she was being given but seemed tired and mad most of the time. Kind of made me wish I could just go up there and just get what I wanted just so she would not have to. That is the way it used to be and I wish they would go back to that policy but they will not because they know you will eat less that way. The one thing that would make me even want to step foot in the door would be the basket of chips and salsa they give along with the little pillows of goodness also known as sopapillas that are served with honey. To be honest most kids will still like this place as they do serve food that they like such as tacos and also have a sundae bar with soft serve ice cream and tons of toppings. But if you are like me and do not want to have to suffer for cheap food just skip this place on by.
Okay beside the fact that this is not real mexican food it was just sad to even call it food, on my first visit i made it my last the food is disgusting but i managed to eat something. . Then on my way out was the worst part i went to wash my hands and the bathroom was the worst thig i had ever seen there was vomit and shit everywhere seriously a health and safty violation please don't bother bringing ur family or friends here unless u want diarrhea!
Do you remember how Pancho's used to taste Keep that memory and don't go again.
I made the mistake of going here on a whim. Awful, shitty bland Mexican food. A waste of money and my butthole was angry with me.
Mexican food should not be served buffet style, it just doesn't do it service.This place isn't even traditional buffet, you don't serve yourself, per say.That said, this is not Mexican food. Imagine Taco Bell trying to open a sit down Mexican restaurant and then doing a worse job than you would expect. That place would still be better than Pancho's. The only thing I even kind of liked there were the sopapias (or is it sopapillas).If you like canned nacho cheese, frozen tamales and diabetes, eat at Pancho's.
I don't enjoy writing bad reviews, but I love bowling & it'd be nice not to have to travel to Gastonia or Charlotte to bowl. There must be a reason this place is always empty... even with its dirt cheap prices. With that said, I went once a few years ago and vowed never to go back. The floors are so oily, I slipped or fell on my walk up every single time!!! I wasn't able to find the 6 lb. ball within the already limited selection. Food is limited and all fried, that's not a good thing either. I couldn't wait to leave, I remember thinking: this place is trying to kill me.Please just increase your prices and invest in some upgrades.
Im not sure what the hell people are smoking before they come here to give this place anything more than a 0 star... I literally hated this place. I usually go to the one in Tempe, which is very nice.. Okay so this place blows... the staff is running around like animals not tending the guest and its just chaotic... so we start and the lane isnt work, its not starting the balls dont come back when we throw them and the gates are randomly coming down before we throw the ball, or before the ball hits the pins WTF The food is expensive... as expected since the others are.. but seriously we paid for unlimited bowling for 2 hours and stayed for like one hour. Also all the balls... well unless you have little kids thumbs, or giant hands, they wont fit the balls.. which in my opinion is like the  1 thing when bowling... having a ball that fits... oh well. The lanes are oiled to hell and you feel like youll slip every time you go down to bowl.. thats awesome.. pay 15.00 to fit my fingers into smaller holes, break my neck while bowling, have the ball get blocked by a gate, and not get served wow.. i know ill never go back to this one at least.
Why can't the attendant understand a simple direct questionCan someone please tell me just where the Hell I'm supposed to put my freakin' drinkand worst of all ... my balls don't fit in this place.*one extra star for the bartender offering me her personal lighter *minus the extra star for not having any matches
Not recommended if you're not white. For me, it's the third time somebody threw out racial slurs at my group. I am beginning to think the place is for rednecks and the like. D&B bowling lanes are better.
Our experience at this bowling alley was mixed - the pizza and waitress were great, but the management had severe shortcomings.  Just as a background, our group loves experiencing new activities and new locations across the entire spectrum of international travel, fancy dining, stamina sports, down to bare down-to-earth deals. While we don't mind spending a few hundred dollars for a single meal, we do mind it when a vendor does not uphold their promise - it's the principle of the thing - otherwise, what's to stop vendors to perpetually bait and switch We made a reservation for 7 people at this bowling alley to make use of a coupon that promised unlimited bowling and unlimited pizza for $11.95. The fine-print stated that this price might vary by location. So when we made the reservation, we asked them if they would honor the $11.95 price, and they confirmed that they would. We called a second time to verify the price (since some on the group might have agreed to the outing based on the price), and once again, they reassured us that the price would hold. When we arrived for our game night, they reneged and said $15.11. We asked them to look in their appointment book and see who promised us the price on the phone. The person in charge that evening said that the initials in the appointment book were undecipherable, so that he couldn't tell which staff member promised us the price on the phone. We asked him if we could talk to a corporate number to see if they could give him the authority to honor the coupon. He gave us a number and allowed us to waste another 10 minutes only to find that the corporate office was closed (did he not know their hours) Long story short, they had baited us, we were counting on an evening of bowling and pizza, and ended up wasting 25 minutes talking to the person-in-charge and paid them $22 more than we had budgeted for, plus gave them additional revenue via the beers and milk-shakes that we ordered. Among other disappointments, the men's restroom did not have paper towels at the beginning of our evening and the seating for the bowlers was sub-par - far worse than other alleys we've been to.
Horrible service .... everything here keeps breaking down . I was here for 2 hrs and only got through 2 games because of lane issues will definitely be going to Brunswick now on.
Ok i love bowling. And my friends. Wanted to go so i had never been at this place i like it till i went to the bar the first lady was nice. Then i went again and the second. Bartender. Was super. Rude i was talking to someone and asking him why did they close the lil food area and she went off on me she event went to go get the cook so he could tell me. ..... but she was really. Rude cause i wasn't. Event talking to her and ill never go there again the customer. Services. Suck :(
Horrible service. I waited in line a good 15 mins to ask a question with two people at the shoe reg. One which was doing nothing, when I tried to ask, they kindly asked me to wait.... so I did. When the person in front of me was done,  they skipped over me and took the next person... um hello.... I found it very disrespectful. Maybe training staff on customer service is a must... just sayin
Dirty gross, all the bums hang out here. Avoid!
Lame... Haunted my a$$!!! This place is like any other park with lots of kids playing.
TERRIBLE SERVICE,   They told me they had the bikes for rental, then they did not.   DO NOT GO HERE.   Very rude.   When I called back to complain, they hung up on me.
Way too many people on this trail. Don't Go!!
Hiker beware. I was robbed at 3:00pm in the afternoon at one of the most crowded parks in the city. I won't go on and on about my tragedy, just know the police told me 3-4 cars are broken into here every week. I'm so disappointed the park doesn't tell you there are thieves on the park grounds watching the behaviors of hikers with the intention of breaking into their cars. The cash, credit cards, emptying my bank account in the span of an hour is hideous, but taking irreplaceable personal items is heartbreaking.Don't trust the park to watch your car or fellow hikers.
Since this restaurant first opened, it has been a favorite around our house. The owner put a lot of effort into the food and was always in a funny mood. Today (March 14, 2012), before leaving with an order, I learned that there is a new owner but am unsure if he was the surly man behind the counter. when we open the food at home, the falafel was burn't beyond edibility or recognition and the hummus tasted like chalky paste. Nothing on the plate was edible. It's so hard to count on good, affordable food in Las Vegas and this is the latest fatality in the downtown food scene. R.I.P.
My co-workers and I work downtown and we attempted to order a late lunch from Kabob Korner today, and let me just say I have never experienced such poor customer service in my life! I don't know who answered the phone but we were advised that they were out of hamburgers, hotdogs, philly cheese steaks, chicken fingers, basically everything on the menu. When politely asked what was available on the menu the gentleman advised that he didn't have time to go through the menu and became agitated. After attempting to explain that we were not trying to be complicated just attempting to place an order the gentleman stated "hurry up you are taking to much time and we have other people waiting to order!" Thank you but no thank you we will no longer be ordering lunch from this establishment.
My husband and I went for a late lunch and tried the chicken kabob wrap. We were not impressed. It really did not have a lot of flavor. It was really very wet and drippy. I needed at least 6 napkins, which thankfully are on the table. Maybe we ordered the wrong item. But, how can a place mess up a wrap The place didn't seem very clean. The table was sticky.
I loved this place last time I came here , but this time they have a limited menu n the wait is more than 1 hour,  never gonna come back here again!
The service is awful but besides that the owner has a very smart mouth on him and is very rude. If you show any concern he seems to want to punish you and say your order wi take 1 hour and make u wait. He is very inconsiderate and literally a smart mouth. He charges extra on the bill so make sure you check your biil. Food is nothing to brag about. And with his attitude not worth it all.
This place was aweful!  The delivery was fast but the food was aweful.  I took 1 bite and it all went in the garbage!
I thought I'd try Wah Kee based on the reviews.  Big mistake.  Maybe delivery is the wroing way to go.  I wanted to go safe with a new choice for Chinese.  Pot Stickers and Pad Thai noodles.  The pot stickers were just a big ball of dough with some filling. Absolutely the worst example of a pot sticker I've ever had.  The Pad Thai noodles were completly dry, completely void of sauce.  I put every packet of soy sauce, hot sauce, and pot sticker sauce they geve me, just to try and gag it down.  No luck.
it was too bad that my experience eating here was a bad one. It left a very bad taste in my mouth that made me reluctant to go back. I had some fried noodle and some drink made from tapioca which I couldn't recall the names and both were not good. My dining companion had a plate of seafood noodle and it smelled so fishy. Not to mention, cuts of the seafood were way too big. Sorry but I couldn't give more than one star for this place. It was just a poor meal experience.
The dishes are made of animal oil which is super unhealthy. And the dishes are cooked without carelessness. My dish is even with some black iron flake from the pan ( usually it comes from unclean pan). These unsanitary dishes make them more disgusting...I think the rate is highly overrated....
Decent service...horrible food. I can't for the life of me understand how this company is so successful. It could only be worse if it was yet another failed Greek attempt at Italian.
Terrible! I'm just now getting over this horrible stomach bug caused by his place. I ended up paying $10.92 for a salad, water, and a small tiramisu. Needless to say, that price is ridiculous! You should never have to pay that much at lunch time for that little amount of food. Speaking of the food, in the salad, there was an egg and so I out it on a napkin because I don't like eggs. The waitress came by and asked how it was and I told her that I didn't like the egg. Instead of taking it or saying "hey sorry about that" or something to the effect, she just walked off. The tiramisu was awful, it tasted like someone tried to make banana pudding and failed. If you like tiramisu like I do, go to Olive Garden or SAMs club around Christmas. You will not be disappointed like you will here. Needless to say, I'm never going back.
Take it from me; avoid this place at all cost.  The only time I go is when I am starved and don't have the energy to cook or get edible food.  And then after I have been kicking myself.
All I can say is the worst! We were the only 2 people in the place for lunch, the place was freezing and loaded with kids toys! 2 bicycles, a scooter, and an electronic keyboard graced the dining room. A fish tank with filthy, slimy fingerprints smeared all over it is there for your enjoyment.Our food came... no water to drink, no tea, medium temperature food. Of course its cold, just like the room, I never took my jacket off! The plates are too small, you food spills over onto some semi-clean tables as you sit in your completely worn out booth seat. The fried noodles were out of a box and nasty, the shrimp was mushy, the fried rice was bright yellow.We asked for water, they brought us 1 in a SOLO cup for 2 people. I asked for hot tea, they said 10 minutes. What Chinese restaurant does not have hot tea available upon requestOver all.... my first and last visit to this place. The only good point was that it was cheap, and deservingly so.
The worse "Chinese food", even the white rice which came with the ogle sweet and sour chicken is really bad.  Please don't eat this food.
I hate this place.It's very loud, the service is very poor, and the food is so-so.If you want good Chinese in Pittsburgh, try China Palace (Shadyside) or Sesame Inn (Station Square or North Hills).  They're quieter, with very good food & service.
Honestly, I'm furious. I enjoyed PF Chang's restaurants in the Chicago area, and my wife and I have eaten a few times at this Pittsburgh-area location. Over the last year, we have tried repeatedly, but the 90-120 minute wait for dinner is unacceptable. We tried going early, late -- it never made any difference. The front staff was rude, and the wait was too long.Tonight, we had a special date planned, and made reservations a week in advance. We came in the door exactly on time, waited in the line to see the front staff, and we were promptly handed a pager. They couldn't tell us when we would be seated.I imagined a short wait, so we went outside, crossed into a store to wait (since the entrance of this location is so packed, it's impossible to wait at the bar or in the meager seating).After 20 minutes we gave up. We went back to PF Chang's and the front office staff still couldn't tell us when we would be seated. I saw open tables.What on earth is the point of accepting reservations if you do not honor themThe food here is good, but certainly not great. We went to a local Thai place and were seated with no problem in 5 minutes. The food was much better, the service was good even in a crowded busy restaurant. Oh, and the local place was a much more reasonable price.We certainly will never visit PF Chang's again.
This was my first time at this PF Chang's and I was not impressed. The service was extremely slow even though it was a Sunday night and the restaurant was not very busy. The portions were small. They were also playing 5 year old pop music really loud. Pop music! Come on--this is an "Asian Bistro."
Rude unwelcoming short haired black hostess. Drinks were not good. Greasy spring  rolls Below par on every way.  No experience needed to work here
Walked in tonight, Wednesday, at 9:50, the place was empty. Asked for a table, the hostess told us one moment when she finds one for us, then proceeded to walk to a dirty table and clean it!  The phone rang and she answered it as we stood at the door. When she hung up the phone she walked back to the table and proceeded to clean it again!!  Didn't say a word to us. Unbelievable!  Will not be back there-- rude hostess!
We went last night Saturday night to P.F.Chang located at the Kierlands in Scottsdale. Terrible Experience!!! after waiting over one hour to be seated, we ordered calamari for appetizer which came with a horrible strange salty sauce and salt and pepper mix on the side. then I ordered beef and broccoli and my husband ordered a vegetarian dish with peanut sauce . After a long wait my food came so salty that I could not even eat and as much as I hate to complain but I had to let the waiter know, so he went to get me one with less salt. My husband's dish was OK. then the second one was a bit less salty but the meat had a terrible liver kind of taste which totally turned my stomach. I feel the reason they added so much salt was to hide the bad tasting rotted meat. Very bad experience. Our waiter was kind and sympathetic. ruined my evening out :(
Let me start off by saying I have mostly simple tastes, and my favorite lunch spot for Chinese has been the New Dumpling House in Squirrel Hill. But since that restaurant is undergoing renovations, I was forced to try something new.So... I thought I'd try the chain PF Chang's Chinese Restaurant at the Waterfront. Wow, what an unsatisfying mistake that turned out to be.I started with a cup of their Wonton soup. At $2.95 it wasn't too outrageous of a price, the broth had some flavor and there was much more in it than I was used to, including three giant basil (I think) leafs that covered everything beneath. In the broth were chunks of chicken, two shrimp, some sliced water chestnuts and two "pork"-filled wontons. As I said, the broth had decent flavor, but the wontons were thick, doughy and under-cooked, and the chicken chunks were dry, which is amazing since they were drowned in broth! On a scale of bad to good, it was kind of meh.Next came my "lunch-portion" order of Chang's Kung Pao Chicken (the dinner portion is $5 more). At the New Dumpling House, this dish is served with a delectable dark, rich, tangy sauce, which I was really hoping for... Not at PF Chang's. On my plate I received about 8 quarter-size chunks of lightly breaded and browned chicken, 7 hot Chinese red chili peppers (mostly inedible unless they are diced into a sauce), a handful of blanched, unsalted peanuts, a few sliced scallions, and a bed of the most bland brown rice I have ever encountered. Uncle Ben would've been ashamed if that stuff came out of one of his boxes.Glaringly, there was NO SAUCE!. None at all.I've had Kung Pao Chicken in New York City, San Francisco, and even from a hole in the wall in Bethel Park, PA that was much, much better. Never have I had it served in such a bland, skimpy, and overpriced way! The "lunch-portion" cost was $9.95.At The New Dumpling House, I could have a delicious lunch, with soup, entree and complimentary hot tea, and I could leave satisfied with just $8 out-of-pocket -- and that includes the tip.The service was decent. However, lesson learned. One and done. Never going back to PF Changs.
Delivery is slow and not even close to the best Chinese in the area.  No matter if it's rice or noodles or chicken or pork, everything tastes off--like it's been overcooked in mop-bucket-water.  Try House of Lee instead.
Wow. What a shame. My family just moved to the area and have been sampling the local cuisine. We are a very large family and love foods of all kind. We've eaten Chinese food from a hundred different places in a dozen different cities. Hands down, this was the worst we've ever had. Cold, tough, congealed, and tasteless - that's the only way to describe it. I'll never order from here again. Quite frankly, the fact that I took time away from my kids to type this out should tell you how awful it was. My complaints fell on deaf ears. I guess they were shocked that someone thought that they were serving low grade dog food. I understand that sometimes restaurants crank out bad food. It happens. But when it does, you bend over backwards to make it right. Not at this place. I was told that he would have to speak with the owner in order to help me. I guess that's how they deflect complaints - blame it on the owners that aren't there and make the customer for away angry.  Too bad. Because we will be visiting a competitor in the future. This family of 7 won't be visiting China Sea ever again. Oh, and by the way, why can't I give this place zero stars
The pros:You get a TON of food for your money. If the food was actually decent, this would have been even better because... LEFTOVERS. They have coupons on their website that you can use whenever. The cons:The woman who answers the phone is kinda rude. You try to ask her questions and she gets an attitude with you like you're wasting her time. My pork dumplings were "fried" only on one side and were raw in the middle. Everything was pretty darn salty. Yeah, I get it. Chinese food tends to be a little salty, but this was unacceptably salty. Leftovers... Yes this is also a con because I threw it away. Suffering through it once was enough! If you're craving something made fresh that is spicy and sweet, you're not going to find it here. Just very greasy, very salty, poor excuse for Chinese takeout.
Tasteless food that arrived over an hour after it was ordered and was cold.  Will never order from here again.
Never received my order and was left in a bad mood. The driver did not carry GPS for delivery, did not know my address which is right in squirrel hill, did not listen to me (or did not understand me) when I tried to give him directions, asked me to pick up food from an intersection 0.3 miles away from my apartment in snow, and finally yelled at me to cancel my order. Cannot comment about food, but whatever experience I had left a bad taste.
I really feel bad about giving a one-star review.  First, it's not about the service, price, decor, or the food.  I'm writing this review after going there twice.  The first time my husband and I went, the dinner was good.  We thought this place has the potential to be our go-to Chinese restaurant in Pgh.  Today I remembered that they have an early-bird special 3-6pm (m-sat).  The won ton soup was not authentic (more like chicken noodle soup) but wasn't bad.  The entree was fine.  What really knocked the score down to 1 is the awful tobaccocigarette smell from the tea!!  !!   I had to go to the grocery store and buy a pack of gum.  The smell wouldn't leave me so I came home to rinse my mouth with Listerine (2-3 minutes) then brush (as long as I could) to get rid of the smell.  Did they use the tea pot as an ash tray  [first visit: 3 stars] + [second visit: -5 stars] = [ -2 stars]
Closed.  Signage down.  Boarded up tight.  Phone disconnected.
Horrible - they use chicken that's been out uncover all day . And they smoke around the food.:(
I've been practicing bikram yoga for about eight years and have had the opportunity to attend classes all over the US and abroad. It's always fun to try a new studio and experience new teachers. Unfortunately, Bikram's Yoga College of India in Central Phoenix was one of the worst classes and studios I've ever experienced. The smell of the studio was so absolutely disgusting (dirty, wet dog combined with urine) that I nearly lost it when I walked in. I opted to stay because I really wanted to get a class in. On top of the awful stench, the teacher sucked. She had us hold poses longer  the second time through and shorter the first time. Many of the students had really poor technique (I know, you shouldn't worry about others...it's your own practice), however, I thought it was an indication about the poor quality of instruction.It's unfortunate the hygiene wasn't up to par. It's bad for bikram and damn, it's really inconvenient for me. I travel to PHX a lot and I love to grab a class. Well, I'm going to try out one of the other studios in town. Thank goodness they've got some competition!
The carpet is completely unsanitary and a breeding ground for MRSA. The instructor only verbally ran the class, never demonstrated one pose OR even made rounds to correct those doing them wrong. Lots of people that hadn't done yoga before because of the groupon and it's unfortunate they have been thought incorrectly. This instruction method is going to cause people injuries. FYI never do a jerking twisting motion with your upper body to try and square your hips!!! The instructor even told me and another girl NOT to drink water at the moment we did! So not OK, always listen to your bodies needs.
All I can say is thank GOODNESS I paid $15 for this Groupon!  This place does not even deserve a one star! I recently moved to the Phoenix area from California and have been searching for a good yoga studio. I LOVE Groupon and was happy to see several studios I can try out before I purchase a membership.  I have been practicing yoga for several years and have never been so offended during my yoga practice. While I understand that there is a particular flow for HathaBikram yoga (which I prefer Vinyasa Flow), I always try to push myself a little farther with what I have learned in my previous practices at different studios. In the middle of class, I attempted a slightly different pose from what was being taught (without interrupting my fellow yogi's) and the teacher called me out in the middle of class saying "Can you please do the same pose as the rest of the class" (in a derogatory tone) I was absolutely offended by his gesture so I rolled up my mat and walked right out of the class. I sincerely apologize to the other yogi's there for walking out in the middle of class and interrupting their practice but he could have been a bit more tactful with his approach. Perhaps pulling me aside after class and letting me know this was not okay with him would have been more appropriate. So rude! Perhaps it was rude of me to assume I can try and progress my yoga style during his class but I always had encouragment from my previous teachers for pushing myself to evolve in my practice.In addition, because of the Groupon, the class was extremely packed and there was no room to move or do the poses correctly.  Also, the studio has carpet (which is different than what I am used to) and it is really disgusting! Sweaty, dirty, nasty and probably filled with bacteria. eew! I was already planning on looking for another studio and this incident made me look sooner!I will never visit this place again and will never recommend this place to anyone. Take my advice and keep looking for another studio!
Im very sorry that I spent money on a groupon before attending a class but alas, you live and learn. The staff is very rude especially if you had purchased the groupon (THE NERVE!) because apparently, you need to know ALL THE BIKRAM. Not a good place for beginners or anyone with a sense of smell for that matter. The carpet really is a health hazard and I left feeling sick from the stench. The instructor didnt bother to take one second to explain things carefully or slowly, just reciting the poses SO FAST it was hard to keep up. How can one relax and focus when they dont know what to do HORRIBLE. I wouldn't ever recommend this to anyone. Sick.
Oh geeze I loathe this place. It smells like a sweaty swamp full of mold, yeast, day old balls and other unidentified bodily odors. The fluorescent lights blare while the instructors yawn and fan themselves with the list of asanas they repeat session after session ad nauseum. Did I mention it's also 100 degrees and 95 percent humidity in there You will also huddle together as there is always a groupon bringing in the hordes. Don't worry, you will be able to see every inch of everyone's nearly naked body for only a few minutes as the mirrors quickly fog up with your collective sweat.
Do not go here! This place simply nasty. I have been to any hot yoga classes and this studio is by far the worst. They have mold and such a stench that lingers through the entire place. Honestly, made me sick. It is so unkempt and dirty!I would never suggest this place to anyone.
Smelly, moldy and just plain gross! It is difficult to say you're doing something healthy when you're staring at the ceiling and all the mold is staring right back at you... The yoga itself is great however it is hard to get over the unbearable smell of sweat that slaps you in the face the moment you walk in.. I'm sure there are better places to try in town!
Wetzels's Pretzels is definitely amazing and very crave-able. I am pretty boring when it comes to pretzels... I like them plain with salt. No dipping sauce or weird pizza flavors for me. Wetzel's offers delicious plain pretzels and bite size wetzel bits as well which are perfect for sharing! Also if all that salt leaves you feeling thirsty try their frozen lemonades. They have regular and cherry, but usually ask them to mix them for me. Snaking perfection!
I LOVE WETZEL'S PRETZELS.  My husband and I will come to the mall specifically for Wetzel's and nothing else. We'll make up an excuse to go to the mall and then be all like, oh yeah, and let's get a pretzel while we are there. We always get the bitz and they are so soft and fluffy. Lately the ones on the bottom don't seem to get as much butter love as the ones on top, but that's what I save the pizza sauce for.
Sooooo good!!!! Way better than Auntie Anns although Auntie Anns is not bad. I love the plain pretzel (butter but no salt) with cheese. Sooo much butter and cooked to perfection at Wetzels. I watched the girl making them too and she was a pro! The hubby and I can't help but to get one of these when we are wandering around the Chandler Mall which is usually after having dinner at a place in or around the mall and going to see the puppies at puppies of love. That tells you how much we love these pretzels. We are usually already full but we have to get one anyways!!! My new motto: "There is always room for a pretzel!"The only thing I have noticed is that these are a bit slow. Not sure why when they have everything already made and all they have to do is grab it and give it to you.... hmmm
Best mall pretzels. Better than Auntie Anns! They are very doughy and buttery (which I like). My friend got the pizza pretzel and said the dough was not like the pretzel dough, so I would not recommend that one. My kids always ask for them at the mall, it's hard to say no because I want some too.
I love love love their huge unsalted (and cinnamon sugar) pillowy soft delicious pretzels. I am a big fan of soft (and hard, for that matter) pretzels- great snacks unless they have too much butter. I just don't like salt too much. Pretzels can be a healthy alternative to other mall choices provided it's not soaked in salt and butter. The other pretzel companies try to outdo Auntie Anne's but I really don't think that they can. Jeez, craving one as I am typing up my review. Participant in the Passport Booklet (free to AAA members or VIP Premium Outlets Members; get it at the customer service desk at the very front of the center). A few small tables in the middle of the aisle outside the store provided.
This is THE BEST place to eat in Pittsburgh.  I wish I could give this place 10 stars.  I love pretzels!  I love this place.  I love that they won't wait on you if you are talking on your cell phone.  I love that lunch is less than $3.My second favorite food to pretzles is probably rice krispie treats - and they sell those too.  LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!!! I am adding some pictures of fresh pretzels!
After having had a terrible pretzel from the Reading Terminal in Philadelphia, we happened to park right in front of this shop when we were going to explore Carson Street. You walk in and there are just pretzels behind the counter, kind of like what we're used to seeing with bagel shops here on the West Coast. Each one was $.50. You can't beat it. We shared one since we were on an eating mission and it was a darn good pretzel. Lots of locals inside just grabbing pretzels here and there to go.TY wanted to take some back to LA, so we asked how well they kept. We were told that you could take them back and throw them in the freezer, but since we were homeless, having checked out of the hotel already, we had to forgo any extras.
This is one of my most favorite places in Pittsburgh.   I love pretzels and these are way better than the ones from the mall that are dripping in butter.  The pretzel sandwiches are less than $3 and a great lunch - not too much food.  I also like this place because it is one of the few place you can buy rice krispie treats.  This is just a great little neighborhood shop, that makes a great pretzel for an amazing price.  When they had to raise the price to $.50 they even posted a sign apologizing and explaining the price of the ingredients had gone up.  I definitely would put this on my list of places to eat in Pittsburgh.
If I had a weakness, it would be the Pretzel Shop.  I'm there all the time!  Even though the shop is tiny and you can't eat inside, there is always a line to get food.  Sandwiches are no more than $3.00 and they have great cookies, muffins and desserts.  Seriously, a couple of slices of meat and cheese between a sliced pretzel NEVER tasted so good.
Ok. So you're in the mall (I'm sorry for you, really I am.) you smell that salty baked pretzel smell and suddenly you think going to Auntie Anne's is a good idea. You're wrong. Dead wrong.Hold out for some Pretzel Shop love. The place is not only easy to find being right on East Carson Street in the Southside of Pittsburgh, but it has the absolute cheapest and FRESHEST pretzels ever. The downside, you can't sit down to eat inside and there is always a line. Honestly neither of these deter me as I am perfectly happy being a stoop-dweller and taking up someone else's front steps to eat one of these salty snacks. The line just tells me that it's worth it. The prices literally are rock bottom. Don't miss a chance to get something, even just to take home, from here. Delish.
As Pittsburgh as Pittsburgh gets.Not as cheap as it once was but I love these pretzel sandwiches.Everyone should stop by and get at least a pretzel. You will love it.Line can be a little long around lunch time but it moves fast.I like the chicken salad pretzel the best.Also get a cinnamon and sugar pretzel.
The Pretzel Shop is a Pittsburgh classic.  I would give the quality of the pretzels 4 stars, but when you factor in the low cost, and quaint set-up- this place gets bumped up to 5 stars.  It's a great place to stop by for a pretzel sandwich on a Saturday, for a breakfast sandwich (any day but Sunday), or to get a ton of soft pretzels on the cheap if you have people coming over.  All in all, the Pretzel Shop is a must-go if you are in the South Side.
Cheap, great food, family owned, wonderful employees.  The service is always with a smile.  The daily specials are great and they are conveniently located with extended business hours!
Amazing! Don't waste your time with the sandwiches or pizza--all that stuff just gets in the way of the main event: the pretzel! Best pretzel in the city.  Best anything in the anywhere. Cheap, too. Only complaint: not open late enough.
The Pretzel Shop is one of those unique places that every city has. A wonderfully extra thick pretzel cut in half, slathered with sauce, and topped with your favorite pizza toppings, a pretzel pizza, screw the low carb diet!  Or, take the same pretzel, cut it in half and pile on turkey and cheddar, or ham and swiss, and you have a great sandwich with the extra crunch of salt from the pretzel top. What else do you need Grab a sack full or a dozen or so pizza pretzels take them home, pop them in the oven and you have a great meal for the big game. I love this place!
This place should have a lot more reviews - but I'm glad it doesn't, they don't need to get any busier.Its been there ages, and looks it. If you're all about ambiance, don't bother. If you pretend you're in a movie set in Pittsburgh 30 years ago it works pretty well. The service is sometimes hit or miss. Most of girls are good, one is very slow, one is amazing. They are all friendly and usually a few different people will check in to make sure that you're happy. Everything is made fresh so be prepared that nothing comes flying out of that kitchen - busy times it can take a good while to get food. The food is AWESOME! Worth any little complaints I might think up before it gets there. Once its on the table, I forget them all.-Fish Sandwiich-Salmon (huge and delicious)-Flounder-Shrimp a few ways ("Norfolk" style is oily for my taste, and I never had it growing up in Norfolk.)-Hawkins St Special-Prime Rib (sized for two, watch it)The prices are low, the portions are large, and just about everything on the menu  is delicious. I'm not one to pick a place because they give you a lot of food, but if you like a good value and don't want to compromise on taste, this place is a gem.
Old school.....traditional "mom 'n pop" quality and perfection. The best fish and chips you'll ever enjoy and equally superb fried shrimp. A great out of the way, non-corporate, vestige of Americana. You will love it.
Seen this restaurant on 25 best places in Pittsburgh with Rick Sebackack. Went there with my girlfriend she grew up with the owner. She's very nice all employees are super nice service was excellent i had the fish sandwich my girlfriend had the Ruben more than you could possibly eat very reasonable prices. Going back to try the burgers  i heard there enormous and very tasty.
Had a great experience with Frank and his team.  It was our daughter's Sweet 16, and it was perfect.  They walked us through all the things we needed to know, and helped us from the first phone call to the last song.  It really helped to have them reassure us that they would entertain 60 kids, and we didn't have to worry!  The light show is a must.  It took the music to a different level.  I recommend Windy City DJ's for your needs.  Don't be afraid to ask questions, because they've done it all and can help you with a lot of details!
We hired Ray the DJ after extensive dj research for our wedding. There are so many bad djs out there that we wanted to be sure. Ray the DJ has very competitive prices and Brenda who is in the main office is terrific. She answered all of our e-mails quickly and was always very professional. We hired Marcus from Ray and he was awesome!! He meet with us before we even hired him so we could find out about his background and experience. We loved Marcus right away. However, at Ray they give you the chance to choose a different DJ in case you don't "click" with your first DJ. Marcus was very professional and played all the songs we requested and provided us with great suggestions. After the wedding we got so many compliments about our DJ. For any brides out there looking for a great DJ I would highly recommend Ray the DJ and Marcus.
Ray made our wedding reception absolutely phenomenal! He timed all of the little special requests perfectly (like me surprising my husband with a groom's cake). He read the group on the dance floor perfectly and because of that, we didn't stop dancing until our time ran out. He even went along with a surprise our friends had for us that called for a certain song. Could not have imagined that night as perfectly as it turned out. Thank you Ray!
Jeremy at Ray the DJ was simply fantastic. I met with at least 6 other DJs before finding Jeremy. Not only were his prices $250 below all the others, he was friendly, professional, knowledgeable, and went above and beyond to ensure I got what I wanted. He offered several add-ons to my package, but never pushed. He communicated with me regularly and gave suggestions, but never tried to steer me away from the music and vision I had for my reception. I loathe the cheesy DJ thing, and he was the epitome of class and professionalism. My guests danced the entire time, and that is the true mark of a great DJ. You will NOT be disappointed with Jeremy at Ray the DJ!
The decision on the DJ for our wedding was made the moment we met with Jeff from Ray the DJ.  He is older for a man of his profession (not a kid in his 20's that you'd expect to be working as a partyevent DJ) but it didn't take long for him to win us over.  The man is all charm and character.  We could tell that he really loved music and what he does.  I almost wanted to pull him out from behind the turntables, sit down, and have a few drinks with him. He couldn't have been any better at the reception.  He played everything we asked for, flowed perfectly with our timeline (including working with us to finish some schmoozing before moving on to the next part), He could get our guest's attention but never tried to make himself the star of the show, and he knew how to keep the party going.  The only negative thing I can say about Jeff was that he took an awful request from my new sister in law (but in all fairness to him, she wanted to dance with her husband to their wedding song, so I can't blame him), but he quickly recovered as soon as the track ended.  Probably with the exception of that song, people were on the dance floor until the final song.
For our wedding, we were very wary about DJ's because we had been to many wedding where the DJ absolutely sucked.....well not this company!Our DJ was Mike, and he was awesome! We met two or three times prior to the wedding just to go over everything, and Mike made sure that he had all the correct info. My dad STILL says how great he was, and our wedding was over 2 months ago! We constantly heard how great he was from many ages of our guests. I would recommend this company to anyone looking for a good time.Mike also was the MC for the wedding, and he did a great job! No complaints in any way at all! Their website is also very very helpful when it comes to picking songs. We weren't picky about songs, and chose to trust him when it came to the music, and boy are we happy we did that! Like i said before, everyone loved him!!! Great job Ray the DJ!
Chad is amazing! Working with him was more enjoyable than I thought working with a DJ could be! He made the entire process a breeze from initial consultation to our Last Dance. Chad has a unique and amazing ability to read a crowd and energize a group in just the right way to ensure each guest feels included in each moment of your event. Chad embraced our non-traditional song choices and offered valuable suggestions during our planning to make our event extra special. With Chad, you're not just getting a DJ - you're gaining a fun, fresh, funky friend who will masterfully guide each moment of your special day to make sure that it reflects you're vision and personality - as well as that of your guests, and infuses both into the greatest party you'll ever experience! Chad lays out the planning process in easy to follow worksheets and provides a wealth of suggestions, both on paper and in person, to make sure you are able to craft an event that reflects energy, enjoyment, and personality from beginning to end. I would recommend working with Chad on any event where you're looking for an experienced and talented master to be your Director of Fun!
I can go on and on about Chad!  I can guarantee that he'll be the best DJ you'll ever work with!  We hired him for our st. pattys day wedding this past year and our guests are still talking about how much fun they had on our day.  If you want a creative, fun, not typical wedding entertainment,  Chad will be your guy!  He has many ideas to make your day fun and stress free.  When we first met him, right off the bat you could tell he is a very professional, organized, yet a kind hearted guy.  So easy to work with that you'll want to plan another event so you could hire him again.  We miss our day and the entertainment made our wedding day so memorable!
My husband and I used SKM for our wedding DJ, MC, and videography.  We were thoroughly impressed with their professionalism, timeliness, and organization during the planning.  They were always one step ahead of us and made everything so easy for us.  We loved our MC, Chris.  He was very friendly and attentive to what we wanted at our reception.  He really took control, and we were worry free all night.  He kept checking in to see if I needed anything, which was very nice.  All the guests had a wonderful time at the wedding.  He had everyone on the dance floor and no one wanted to stop dancing.  The DJ, Gavin, did a great job with the music! I highly recommend both of them for your event.  We also booked our videography, David, for a great price.  We are waiting to get the video, but know it will come out great.  He stayed the whole time and even interviewed my grandparents.  I can't wait to see it.  Thank you SKM for making our night go so smoothly.  You took great care of us, and we got to just enjoy the night, our family, and friends.  Thank you!!
These wonderful people did our wedding this past March and I just have to say it was an absolute joy and pleasure to work with them! Miles and his group were very accommodating and the flow of the wedding was fantastic. We had people come from all over and my cousins in Florida commented how great of a time it truly was! I couldn't be more happy. And to see my wife's face throughout it all...that was my joy. Thank you so much to these great people! I like how they were always consulting with us and kept it stress free. Pricing was perfect and spot on. We were able to pick and choose a custom package and the sound was awesome. It was the best I've ever seen and I would have no problem referring these good people to anyone!
SKM was one of the best choices we made for our wedding.  I was worried when first selecting them because they are a bit pricey, but after meeting Nathan at a bridal show, I was intrigued enough to set up a consultation.  My husband and I were immediately impressed with how thorough they were in the planning process and booked them despite the cost.  It was totally worth it. Nathan (our MC) was super helpful with all of my planning questions throughout the process, even answering annoying texts from me the week of the wedding with last minute questions.  He offered great suggestions for timelines and songs for events.  The event itself was spectacularly run. The two-person team was flawless.  All of the transitions from tradition to tradition were well handled.  They coordinated with all of the other vendors well and with the guests.  Nathan consistently checked in with us to make sure we were having a good time.  He was involved with our guests, asking them what they wanted to hear and actually playing those songs (My uncle leapt out of his seat when Brick House, his choice, came on).   Nathan learned important people's names and used them at the wedding.  He involved guests at all stages so there was never a dull moment.  He even got out on the dance floor and taught guests the wobble.  Our guests raved about SKM and their experience.  SKM definitely made our wedding unforgettable for us and all of our guests.
Skm rocks! Very organized and professional. Nathan was amazing as our MC! I would recommend this company to anyone for any event! We'll done.
Jimmy D with Starz Entertainment did a fantastic job providing us DJ services for our wedding and reception. Jimmy D has a great and well-deserved reputation in the DJ community. We are lucky we were able to hire him to DJ our wedding and reception. He has many years of experience and it shows. He was energetic and super professional in every aspect of the planning and execution of our wedding and reception. He answered our emails immediately and met with us several times before the wedding to make sure we had everything set up the way we wanted. He spent hours before and after, setting up to make sure the lighting and sound was the best it could be. He had great suggestions for songs and activities and helped make our wedding and reception absolutely perfect. It was seamless, and everyone had a great time! We highly, highly, recommend Jimmy D and Starz Entertainment for DJ services!
Jimmy D is the best DJ that you will find in Arizona! I attended a wedding that he DJed and he did such a great job that I booked him when I got married 4 years later! He gets everyone up and dancing, there wasn't a single person in the room who wasn't dancing once Jimmy opened the dance floor! He is so fun, charismatic, and extremely professional. I highly recommend anyone who is looking for someone to entertain guests of all ages, who can control the energy of the room, and who is easy and delightful to work with!
Jimmy did an absolute amazing job as our wedding DJ. It's the only wedding I have ever seen where the dance floor was PACKED all night long. Not only was his playlist amazing, his ability to keep everything organized and on track was very key. We actually didn't have a wedding planner, and without Jimmy there to basically run the show, I'm not sure what we would've done. His assistant Carie was awesome as well. She played a really key role in keeping everything up to speed and organized. We would highly recommend Jimmy and Starz Entertainment!  SUPER IMPRESSED!!!!!
Homeless in the park! How unheard of! Not really, folks. It may be unappealing for you suburbanites who choose to live within the confines of a tiny box, but not for me, a born and raised city girl who has adapted to urban culture and diversity. I love this park, and have been going here for years. It's small, quiet (on most days), and green. I go there when I don't want to deal with crowded parks like Sunset. Actually, I have mostly given up on Sunset and replaced it with Paradise. :) The way these people make Paradise out to be is totally not what it really is. I say, check it out for yourself. If you prefer grass and matured trees over the dull gravely desert landscapes found in these newer 'homeless free' parks, or you just want to get away from crowded parks, but still want to enjoy the greenery, then Paradise is the place to go. I have had a lot of peaceful picnics here. Never had a problem with homeless people (who I've barely scene) or drug dealers (who I've NEVER seen, and I've hung out here late at night to have some wine with friends.). I mostly picnic on the Northeast side of the park. Lots of shade, grass, and beautiful big trees to be enjoyed. :)
Freestone Park is a must-visit if you live in or near, or are visiting Gilbert. The 100-acre grounds are beautiful, featuring a man-made lake and waterfall. An 1880's replica miniature railroad takes a quarter-mile loop around the lake, affording a views of ducks and geese. Bring some bread if you dare (the ducks can be quite aggressive!).There are numerous picnic armadas, several separate playground areas -- so if one play area is being dominated by a snot-nosed bully, you can always move to a safer one. There are also basketball courts, sand volleyball pits, batting cages and a driving range, and a 22,000 square feet skate park.But wait! That's not all! There's also an antique carousel, mini-ferris wheel, and a tot-sized "wave runner." Although there is a fee for the train, batting cages, golf & the rides, it is on par or below what other equivalent amusements usually cost. Finally Freestone Park is an excellent place to slide down grassy hills on an ice block. Of course, that activity isn't officially sanctioned, so try-at-your-own risk :)
This park is amazing! I just recently moved from Mesa to Gilbert and boy...what a breath of fresh air to see the town put so much time into community. I was recently studying for a big test for work and I would come to this park during the daytime to sit outside and read. They have picnic benches all over the place and while school is in session, it was pretty quick on a weekday afternoon. Plus, its absolutely gorgous. Seems like it would be a great place for a family-oriented afternoon.
AH-MAZ-ING.I love this park. Too bad we met for the first time during my final week living in Phoenix. Otherwise, this park would have become a regular staple in my active life. Walking...running...basketball...tennis... They even have baseball cages and a skate park! Now, I probably wouldn't have done either of those, for fear of offing myself. But, hey, I love to watch and having both around brings a very cool vibe, you know The walkingrunning sidewalk meanders around nice, calming waters. There's even some electrical outlets near the picnicplay area.
FAVORITE PARK YET!  You just have to be happy when you are in Freestone park... at the entrance there is a mini CARNIVAL with the cute ferris wheel, merry-go-round and kiddie train w railroad track that loops the entire park !  Make sure to watch the sunset on top of one of the formidable hills ... the carnival area lights up at night, which is really quite precious.  Its a huge park and happens to be celebration central... at least two quinceaneras and one wedding party there on a Friday afternoon.  Really lovely. Great place for a picnic and ICE BLOCKING, which is still just as fun as when you were a kid!  This park actually has hills tall enough for decent ice blocking :) *Don't forget to pack some bread to feed the smelly ducks in the lake*
Fun for Everyone! My daughter had a softball tournament here and the facilities are awsome! They have everything you could ask for out of a community park. For example, softballbaseball fields, batting cages, skate park, rec center gym, sand volleyball courts, splash pad, and they even have a few fishing ponds for those wanting to relax. I also saw that they had teen dodgeball tournament going on in their rec center. They probably have some more stuff to do there that I didnt get a chance to check out cause this place is huge! They have a baseball store and a Starbucks also! Very cool place.
I love Rio Vista. It is a huge park fully equipped with a recreation center, skate park, volleyball nets, baseball fields, etc. The scenery is absolutely gorgeous. Being a amateur photographer, I love to bring "models" here so that I can shoot them. The park is really nice and kept up.
Great park! Me and my boyfriend came here to have a picnic. Of course I referred to Yelp before making any decision on which park I should go to and this park popped up. At first I was hesitant because there weren't a lot of photos but the reviews were good. I was pleasantly surprised and happy that I did end up coming. The park is huge! They have a skate park, a volleyball area, and baseball areas. They also have a good trail to ride bikes or go walking. You can even go fishing! And the major plus is that this park is really clean!There are a lot of picnic areas and places to grill. So if you are looking for a family outing or just a relaxing day this is your place!
This is such a beautiful park! I won't reiterate the amenities most of the other reviews have pointed out, but the rec center is really clean and there's a lot of activities inside as well. I have yet to take advantage of their trails and picnic areas, though I will definitely make it a point to do so!
These are great baseballsoftball fields!I'm not a City of Peoria resident and I don't visit this park for anything other than my son playing youth baseball  - both in club baseball and district little league tournaments.The Rio Vista baseballsoftball fields are some of the nicest, best maintained fields in the valley.  It's obvious the city cares about this park and their sports programs.  The grass is always green, cut and simply wonderful.  The infields are well maintained, well striped and watered, with one exception - the pitching mound on Field 7 has deteriorated to the point of being a pitching bump.  As of June 2011 It's far from the 12" height required for Little League play.  That being said, it's still a nice grass infield to play on.I've had the opportunity to work with the staff at Rio Vista park too, just to communicate baseball scores during District 2 little league tournaments.  The staff is a joy to work with.Thanks for a wonderful place for the kids to play baseball!
Def a favorite park of mine here in Vegas. It's very calm, and out of the way. Very spacious. There is a diverse playground for kids, a number of athletic fields, bathrooms pavillions and barbeque grills. Really everything you could want from a park except maybe a fountain or something, but hey, it's the desert!
So, let me first say that yes, I was a bit tipsy when I agreed to go on a ghost hunt. But apparently I was not the only one. We arrived at the park to find other ghost hunters already waiting. We decided to join forces and wait it out together. The story goes that around three in the morning, one of the swings on the playground starts to move and you can hear a little kid singing. The haunting is documented on various places on the internet, and is considered one of the most haunted places in America. Huh. Didn't even know that until that night. I probably wouldn't have gone if I did.Anyway, so we waited a bit, and then maybe because we were tired and still pretty hammed up, or maybe because it was true, we saw the swing move!! Unbelievable!! Then it stopped. And I wish I could go on with the story, but that's the end.But if you are bored one night, I really recommend checking it out because if only for the heeby jeebies, it's worth it...
I wish NoVa had a place this size and this beautiful! We did four trails in about 2 hours and saw turtles, fish, birds of all kind! There were picnic areas with BBQ pits along the lake. I loved it!
Great Camping Amenities, Friendly Staff, and Waterfront Views. It is beautiful this time of year, and a chill way to spend a day. I especially love the trails, there are so many! It is the only campground in Mecklenburg County, and I just wish there were more like it!
Great place to go year round!I hike here all the time and love it. There are lots of short trails for quick hikes and you can loop a few together for a longer hike. Tons of picnic tables and lake scenery. Hiking and kayaking here is great. The nature center has some good displays as well. If you're lucky, you might catch a glimpse if some wildlife!
Short drive to a peaceful getaway. Pack a picnic, grab the pooch, and get ready for a great day.One of my latest Mecklenburg County discoveries is McDowell Nature Preserve. I love walking trails and getting absorbed in nature and this place fits the bill nicely. Beautiful, well-kept up place making you feel as though you are miles away from anything when in reality it is minutes from the city. There is a great campground to bring your tent and stay the night, a playground for the kiddos, many picnic tables, and plenty of trails to walk for miles. You can even fish, but there are signs posted that say caution because the fish may have a high dosage of mercury. If you are planning a reunion, this would probably be a great place to host it. Rent one of the areas, let people camp out, you are right next to the lake to rent kayaks in the spring and summer...you've got yourself one great family gathering spot!The Nature Center was closed when I was there, but I'm sure one of these days I'll stop in.
Great place right in the city, which will take you away from all the busy city life. The nature preserve has numerous hiking trails which are marked and some are good 2 to 3 mile loops. It has picnic tables and grills right besides the lake. Great place to take your dogs for a hike or running on the trails.
Love the nature trailsAnd the beautiful picnic areasA great place to take the family
Donated by the Springs family, the Greenway is 2300 acres of beautiful nature to be enjoyed by all.  Located in Fort Mill, the Greenway offers guests the space to mountain bike, hike, jog, camp, canoe, fish, or ride horses on the many trails offered.The Greenway charges a single day fee of $3 and monthly and yearly passes are also offered.  The Greenway is open at 7 AM and closes around dusk.I love going to the Greenway!  It's always nice to get a breath of fresh air...and there's alot of fresh air to be had at the Greenway.  Bring your dog for a walk.  Take your kids on a nature exploration.  Take some horseback riding lessons.  No matter how you choose to use this beautifully preserved bed of nature, you're sure to enjoy yourself!Try:  A smaller hike with the familyAvoid:  Three-Leaf plants
This is a great place for a hike or a trail-ride and very affordable too. I know someone who had a wedding in the barn (yep, she's a horse person).  The barn wedding & reception would have been ok (it's a really nice barn) except that at the time it wasn't air-conditioned and was a litte too warm.   If you are not into barn nuptials, the Greenway still has lots to offer!
Count me in as a raving fan. This is 30 minutes from my house and when my wife and I want to hike, the choices are slim. The greenway in Charlotte isn't really hiking, Cane Creek is kind of creepy and Kings Mountain is a bit out of the way for us. This hits the spot. Lots of history, great historic buildings, NOT crowded, in minutes we were on a trail by ourselves and able to enjoy the beauty of the area. The best part, is they receive NO tax dollars. All supported by donations and contributions. We will be regulars.
We are so lucky to have a spot like this to enjoy with our kids! We have been out for Earth Day, the Fall Festival and many random trips in between and just love being surrounded by the (mostly) untouched natural setting.
We tent camped,mtn biked,hiked did it all.  Had a big time will be back.The mountainbike trails were awesome.  all the people we met were nice friendlyhelpful.
went back mtn biking again loved it, was a bit muddy but we have had a lotta rain...the staff was great to speak with, and was even watching some guys dog. ..while he was mtn biking!!!  I hope he gave her something (a nice tip) will be back with my bike any time  I am here..Loved it!!!! trails need better markings only negative.
A hidden gem with relaxing scenic views, historic homes and plenty of walking trails. I was very surprised with how large an area this park encompasses, and so you would want to be prepared if you plan to visit. Great place for families and couples. Quiet and not over crowded. My husband and I went to this place on Saturday afternoon and we couldn't ask for a better place to unwind from the busy life and connect with nature, one on one.
What can you say negative about this place Miles of waking, Mtn biking, and equestrian trails. Combine that with a small creek, a few ponds, some primitive camp sites with a bath house, and a few additional bonuses and you have a great place to spend the day, afternoon or simply an hour. Very lucky to live within 5 minutes of this jewel. Highly recommend this place especially for families!
I drive by this place every single day going to work.  For the past 8 years I've always said, "I need to stop in here and check it out".  I did today.  I put my big boy pants on and decided to go for a walk  hike with my family and friends.I'm glad I did.  What a great spot....we entered at the trailhead at the parking lot, picked up a map and went exploring.  There are many different trails at the main location that you can choose some just hiking, some bikes and horses.  They give you the mileage and away we went.We walked for a few hours.....we encountered spiders, snakes and a lot of mountain bikers which was all great.  We had so much fun.  Funny, when you're walking you forget that this place is not far from a roadway since it is such a great spot of land.They ask for a donation to use the facilities but the box to put the $$ is wide open and not locked so I didn't feel comfortable leaving my $$ and info on an envelope, they should probably change that.  It was a gorgeous day, we got outside and had an absolute blast.
Aha, it's an ideal time to update my review from a year & a half ago for this place!  Norm R. & I got together tonight for the monthly "Birds & Beer" event here at the Audubon Center.  Like their FUN bird walks held every other Saturday morning at 8:30 most of the year (starting up again Sept. 10 I think), this event is excellent & FREE, including snack food & beer, courtesy of Tempe micro brewer Four Peaks!  Along with that, you get fellowship with a fun, eclectic crowd, & then a lecture with slides & short videos.  Tonight's topic was "Reptile Sex" & it was a hoot!Just like the bird walks (see my original review), "Birds & Beer is 5 STARS!  What a great place this is!     :-))
While at Birds n' Beer last Thursday, I learned what "riparian zone" means. It is the strip between land and stream or lake. (Cue the "The More  You Know" clip)The center itself is beautiful and great for a small - medium sized event. Lots of modern architecture and what looks like reclaimed materials. It's an eco-friendly building with great native landscaping.Now to the real part of the review: Bird and Beer is a great event, if you are free on a Thursday night between 5:30p and 7:30p. 5:30 to 6:30 is a chattingsnackingdrinking time with Four Peaks beer in a can. The lecture starts at 6:30 and is very informative. This month was reptile sex and last month was bird sex. The events are usually listed on the events section of Yelp, so check it out now.The Center is easy to find. It is just south of the river on Central, with a sign posted on the road pointing towards the building and the parking lot.
My trip should have been aptly called "Beards and Beer" instead of the "birds n beers."  Apparently I missed out on the typical "sex" themed talks, IE. frog sex, bird sex and flower sex.  Since this was the last event of the year, visitors got a stand up routine about beards from an official Beardo.  Wildly funny and entertaining stand up, the Four Peaks beer might have helped.  Four Peaks provided their main staple beers: Kilt lifter, Hop Knot and Kolsch.  3 styles to meet any palate.  Stop by and you'll meet their passionate staff and some friendly bird n beer enthusiasts.  There's no better way to to unwind after work, and learn a few things about that nature thing outside.
Phoenix is one of only 6 cities to get a center like this. They've taken a derelict parcel of ground and converted it into something beautiful and sustainable. Every time I go I see some special bird or bug that I haven't seen before. The River Pathways program is amazing and available to kids who might otherwise not get an experience like this.
It was such a treat to be out here after a couple of days of rain in AZ. The dessert was in bloom and there is absolutely nothing like running dessert trails in the beautiful state of Arizona. Because of time constraints, we opted to loop around Treasure trail for a short runhike. I was really sorry not to have brought a real camera. It was so beautiful out there. Like any other state farms, I would not go on a weekend to enjoy the park more.
What do you do when you need to get your cycling training but just do not have any desire to tote your road bike on vacation with you Rent a road bike right But, nobody rents road bikes. SO you thought. With an upcoming metric century and a desperate need for some training miles, I decided to do a google search with only little hope to find something. Thank goodness, AOA EXISTS!!!! This company offers tours, team building and bike rentals (including both mountain bikes and ROAD bikes.) And, don't think they just rent out 1970's 10 speeds either. They have Trek and Specialized road bikes in three classes. There is standard, performance, and high performance. I Each class is a different price. I opted for the middle of the road. I figured it would be much like my bike at home. I chose the Specialized over the Trek, since I ride a Specialized regularly. The components were mainly shimano, and the saddle Specialized. I made sure to bring my gel saddle, sure that my comfy girlie saddle from home would not come standard. A good bike overall, for mid range. The staff was very nice. They were able to take my reservation an hour before my ride and had what I needed in house. I showed up and within 10 minutes had my bike, an emergency  kit (C02 cartridges, tire, tools), and a route map for the area that could be modified to meet my needs. WHAT A RIDE! Ok, so it was not NAPA, but you cannot expect that in the desert. Some great landscapes, some steady elevation gains, some quiet roads, some wildlife (rabbits mainly), and a gorgeous sunny day in March. It just doesn't get much better than that .I cannot rate this place on their tours or their team building, but I will most definitely be back to rent a road bike when I am in the Scottsdale area. I will make sure that I make a reservation in advance, though, since this rare find is likely to leak out ! Cant wait to come back and ride again later in the year!!! Thanks AOA.
My boyfriend and I were looking to rent bikes for a day and The Bicycle Ranch on FLW directed us to Arizona Outback Adventures. Their main business is hikingbiking tours, but I still wanted to review them because they were so friendly and helpful with our little rental! They got us set up with bikes and helmets quickly (each bike was $25 for a few hours). They gave us a map and suggested specific trails that we take and said they would come pick out to help us if we got a flat. Great group of people and excellent customer service. I'd imagine they're great with their toursactivities!
Excellent bike selection, quick in and out, knowledgeable employees on the trails around Scottsdale.  Exact combo I was looking for while on vacation.  Will use again.
This cycle shop rocks.  Quick and friendly service despite my late arrival (my bad).  They had a lot of rental options to choose from.  Recommend this place for rentals.  And they are close to the entrance to the preserve.
I can't say enough good things about this ranch. My sister and I wanted to reconnect and had been to two dude ranches as children. We searched for a small family-run ranch and we found exactly what we wanted.The Flying E Ranch feels exactly like the ranches from the 1960's (except for the hot tub and the ranch store). The place is charmingly decorated and there are many antiques and special touches such as photo albums featuring every guest.Most guests that we met had been there for multiple visits so that is a good recommendation in itself. The staff was charming and service was great. Everyone we met there was nice. There was a happy hour for adults every night which was fun. We are on a vegan diet right now and they accommodated us with perfect entrees at every meal.The desert is beautiful, good bird-watching, hiking, you can see the stars!, the horses were well-behaved, the wranglers took safety very seriously, even the elderly could ride there, you don't have to ride. There are rides twice a day, we did once a day. There are museums, mine tours, lots of day trips, and golf courses in the area. There were other activities such as square dancing!! which I couldn't believe we did but it was a blast. Team penning, lunch rides, etc. I think this is an excellent place for a reunion of family and friends. You can see your loved ones interacting with other people as everyone eats together. There is plenty for kids to do. I played ping pong with some kids. We also had a private kitchen with a fridge (shared with another room). They fill up well in advance so make your plans early.Really.