CLOSED for good.  Lost their lease, building to be torn down. Closed, closed, Closed, closed, clothes, clothes, clothes, clothes, clothes.!
hardly authentic, the food is decent, the staff are rude and completely lacking knowledge of what exactly a real crepe is.  Actually the chef as well.
I always told myself that I would go to a local restaurant at least a couple times before giving a bad review, and I tried to go to this place 2 times so here you go. After working with a few Ethiopian restaurants in Atlanta on their marketing, I thought it was high time I try out an Ethiopian restaurant myself since I've never been, so when this Groupon popped up I thought perfect! As things with expiration dates go, I ended up trying to use this on the day it expired, a Monday, presidents day. Since the time I bought it I've moved away from Gilbert so we made a special trip out here to eat here, and invited my cousin and her husband to join us (even more potential customers, with 2 full paying customers!). I tried calling several times since the Groupon mentioned to call ahead, and I wanted to verify the times they were open but nobody ever answered. The recording did say their place was not open on holiday's, but since this is a restaurant and not a bank, I figure a restaurant would be open on presidents day. Apparently Ethiopia celebrates the American presidents now because when the 4 of us pulled up the place was closed. To double up on what Marissa said in her review, they did have a sign on the door saying they will accept Groupons until a date in March, I can't remember the exact date but I figure we would just come back and ended up going to San Tan Brewery (read my review for a great dining experience). Here is where things go even more south, I called to see how long again they will take that Groupon, Tina answers and starts complaining to me about Groupon, how I had all this time to use it and how she is not taking them anymore. I told her she had a sign on the door and I just wanted to know the date she will take them to. I JUST WANTED TO TRY SOME ETHIOPIAN FOOD!! I said I'd be happy to use just the value I purchased ($13) not the full amount it was good for (a full dinner for 2). She actually has no choice, businesses in Arizona are required to accept the purchase price since it's considered a gift certificate, but not the "groupon" deal. Either way she seemed to lighten up and said just come on in and she'll accept it. So that brings me to my 2nd attempt to eat here last Friday, March 23rd. We arrived shortly after 7:00 pm and were relived to see it was open. After walking in, we stood around for a few minutes until this little girl (as in 5 year old) walked into the back (presumably to tell whoever was working back there that people are here), out came someone (not Tina) who proceeded to tell us they were closed. I said I don't understand, there are people eating, the front door was open, it's 7pm on a Friday, but he said they were out of some ingredient and are closed now. So that was the last straw. After my 3 experiences with this place, how I was treated over the phone, how they seem to open whenever they want and not accommodate any bit of consideration to their customers, here is my first 1 star review for a restaurant.
If you are looking fot Tennis classes for your kid, This is NOT a place to be. They have one basic class and put all their.Also getting money back is really a problem. Very poor Customer Care and a very bad place for Tennis lessons.Staff is clue less and Management does not care too. I STILL have not got my money Thiefs !!
Here's the truth. There is no inside seating, and the outside seating is limited to two small tables on a noisy, high traffic street. The pretzels were all cold - even the ones we asked them to heat. Service was also "cold" and unhelpful, and the cashier seemed as though we were bothering her by asking questions.I had a chicken salad sandwich on a pretzel bun ... Nothing special. My husband had a cheeseburger roll that was cold, even though he asked that it be heated.  We had to ask for dipping sauce as it was not offered to us.This is a place to maybe pick up some pretzels to take home and heat up ... Definitely not a lunch place as some have suggested.
Awful.  Pretzel dog was soggy and gross. Cream cheese frosting for cinnamon sugar sticks was weird.  Other stuff we tried was soggy as well. Probably would love if drunk.
I was meeting up with 3 other people there. But I was a few minutes late.  Because I wasn't there at the time,  they refused to seat the others.  Not even to just get drinks or an appetizer ordered.  So they left to go to some place that would serve them (Dominic's)  This place clearly couldn't be bothered to have our business,  which seems like an odd way to run an organization.  One star because we didn't get anything that we wanted.
terrible service is right.  the minute my coworker and i walked in, the host (i think the teenage son of the owner) was just rude.  he was going to give us the table closest to the register where people are always walking in and out.  my coworker asked to be seated at one of the other 8 tables that were open.  he mumbled something, but then let us grab another table.  and when he served the dishes he pretty much was throwing them onto the table.the wonton soup was horrible.  the wonton itself was pretty much all dough (not even cooked all the way thru) and i don't even want to speculate what the tiny meat in it was made of.  i've also tried the house soup which is just water with tomotoes in it.  for my entree i had the green curry wchicken, which actually wasn't as bad as the service but that's not saying much at all.sad that this is one of the few places for asian food in the pitts...
I've came here a couple of times (mainly by force) first off... the securities out front that I have dealt with have been rude and arrogant,  there is a 5-10 charge for women and the bartenders seem some what snooty as well. I once waited 20 min for a drink when they weren't even busy. Not a fan but they do play good music. so If your planning on JUST dancing then it's okay.....
It amazes me when I run into someone working as a waiter or waitress who doesn't understand that when people are dining out they aren't just purchasing food, but rather both the food and the experience which goes along with it.This past Saturday my friend and I were visiting downtown Pittsburgh and had a lot of choices as to where we would dine and after 30 minutes of placing our order at The Sonoma Grille, we knew we had made a bad choice. Our waiter was arrogant and distant with us, seeming as if he had everything else but our dinner on his mind. After placing our order and and receiving our water we waited almost 15 minutes before having to flag down our waiter and asking him if he had forgotten our bread. He simply said he'd get it. 10 minutes later it showed up at our table, delivered by someone else.His disconnect with us and lack of attention left us wanting more, and was probably the reason why when our food showed up, that it was prepared wrong.Although my dinner partners food was correct, my medium well done meat was almost raw inside. No waiter to be found anywhere, so I approach who looked like the manager, who went into the kitchen to correct my order. 15 minutes later I approach the manager again, asking him if they had forgotten about my meal.10 minutes later he reappeared with my food, which I declined to eat, since our meal had been ruined by this time. NOW, finally our waiter shows up to stand behind the manager as he explains that he would wrap my meat to go. As our waited stood behind him with a smug grin on his face, I couldn't help but think that he was in the wrong line of work and that we had just wasted our money since we really never got to eat together in reality.I truly am amazed at this fine looking restaurant and the fact that they do serve good food, but that they forget that more than half a dinner experience is in the presentation and atmosphere and that although the food is good, they completely ruined our evening with not just bad service, but a lack of service completely. What good is serving good food if you serve it prepared incorrectly, not on time and with an attitude I wouldn't accept from anyone in passing let alone someone whose job it is to make sure our dining experience is an enjoyable one.
So far the worst Starbucks the line takes like one hour with 9 guest. Unbelievable the price. disappointed
I do not enjoy giving bad reviews, but based on principle, I have to give Merkato one star.First, I should state that the dining experience itself was good. We enjoyed the food. Being Filipino, we grew up eating with our hands. The prices are cheap. We went with a combination sampler plate for $15, which gave us a great introduction to their cuisine. We also ordered their whole fish dish for $10. It actually came with two nice sized fish and a large plate of rice with tasty sauce.If you want, you can stop reading here and head on over to try their food. You'll probably enjoy it.Everything was going well until it came time to settle the bill. I had a TownHog certificate for $30. I had mentioned it before we ordered, but suddenly the server said she didn't know what to do with it. She tried calling the owners but was unable to reach them after several attempts. Strangely enough, when she had me call using my phone, they picked up right away.To cut to the chase, the owner said he would not honor the coupon. He said he had called the company back in June and told them he no longer wanted to participate. So after sitting there for a long time, we ended up paying and leaving with a very bitter taste in our mouths.I just got off the phone with TownHog. The representative said that because Merkato has already been paid, she would have to call them to confirm that they refused the coupon before I can get a refund. They've already been paid That just makes the situation worse. It's just not right. You agreed to sell these coupons in order to get people into your restaurant. That's exactly the reason I was even there in the first place. It's essentially marketing and it worked. It got me into your shop.It's really a shame because we did enjoy the food. But there's no way I can return based on that ordeal. Luckily, there are other Ethiopian joints around town with similarly good reviews.
I had my son's birthday party at the waterpark in the hotel.  They advertise this service, and even offer coupons from time to time.  I was not very happy with the whole process from start to finish.  There are too many ridiculous rules.  For one thing, I think it's good business to honor coupons that are presented, whether or not they are expired--the purpose is to attract business, right  Then we need to bring in our own cake, which is fine, but you can't say we NEED to bring one type of food item, and then BAN other food items.  I brought some chips and crackers to the party room.  Then I was told (after I already set everything up) that we couldn't have snacks in the party room.  Or drinks.  Would YOU like to attend a party with no snacks or drinks  So then I got to trudge back and forth to the room, moving food and carrying by wet, wailing toddler.  Fun.  Also the times available were not what I would have chosen--sunday evening is not the best time.  But since it was so late, I thought it would be nice to have beer for the adults.  SURPRISE that wasn't allowed either!  The bar was closed so we couldn't even purchase beer if we wanted to (unless we wanted to get dressed, walk to the lobby, again carrying wet children).There were facility problems too.  The party room smelled horrible, like rotten sweatsocks and underwear.  Who wants to eat in a room that smells like ass  I don't know if it was the chairs or the filthy carpet or what.  Also, some of the kids wanted to swim around 7 PM, and most of the lights were off in the pool area.  This is very unsafe--I could barely see my toddler.Although the woman serving was very nice, it's clear the whole purpose of these rules are to try to force you to buy more things and spend more money.  I will NOT be having another party here!  If I'm renting a room for a few hours to have a party, I expect to be able to eat and drink whatever I want.
Worst experience ever! Rude staff, marginal food, and filthy. Definitely will not patronize this place again. Let me start by saying that Jolly Bob's used to be a decent place with a nice atmosphere, but it has taken a definite down turn within the past year. I had not been to Jolly Bob's for awhile, so I recommended to a couple of friends that we stop there on a Friday night to grab something to eat. These are the highlights of our visit:1. Paid a cover charge to enter the restaurant to eat (what restaurant charges a fee to get in the door to order food Jolly Bob's does!)2. Placed an order for food and was asked to pay (CASH ONLY) before the order was even sent to the kitchen. (Rude guy literally slammed my change on the bar and never asked if I would like anything to drink (water)). Friends looked at me shocked and asked if I knew that guy. (No, no I did not).3. Friend "A" asks for a menu and the rude guy replies "Your friend has a menu", and walks away.4. Friend "B" orders a margarita and is told they are out of the particular liquor required to make it. (Huh A Caribbean restaurant that can't make a margarita on a Friday night Ummm, okay.) 5. I ask for a drink menu to suggest drinks to friend "B". Extremely rude lady pushes a drink menu towards us and says, "but it's in Spanish" and walks away. (First of all, who is she to assume that I am not literate in Spanish Second, the menu was in English.)6. I attempt to help friend "B" order her drink  and the rude lady asks if we are ordering two drinks and we clarify that we are ONLY ordering ONE drink (for friend B). We are then served TWO drinks and given a really big attitude when I refused the drink (I was the DD). Rude lady promptly snatches my friend'a drink away (without asking) and pushes the second drink in front of her. (Friends look at me confused and ask if we can move to a booth because they were feeling so uncomfortable around the rude lady.)7. We move to a booth where we promptly stick to the seats (gross).8. Go to the bathroom to find water and whatever else all over the floors, an odor of urine, and used toilet paper on the floor. (Nasty. And it wasn't even late and they weren't even busy).9. Food comes. Conch Fritters were way over fried (almost burnt) and extremely salty. Steak skewer was "okay". Chips and guacamole were good. 10. Finally, a redeeming effort! An extremely personable, professional, and friendly African American gentleman (I don't know his name) came over as we were leaving and apologized to us and offered a refund for the Conch Fritters. His actions were the ONLY positive thing about Jolly Bob's. 11. We went somewhere else and all decided that we would never patronize Jolly Bob's ever again. I profusely apologized to my friends for having recommended Jolly Bob's. Friends were so shocked by the incidents at Jolly Bob's that they kept mentioning how horrible the experience was to other peoplefriends throughout the night. I will never be back to Jolly Bob's and I will never recommend Jolly Bob's to anyone. Such a shame, Jolly Bob's used to be a really neat place with good food and a welcoming atmosphere.
When I called I started talking and she said hold and put me on hold about 5 mins later she finally got back on and was very rude.Will not send people there!!!!
This was a terrible experience. We arrived 45 minutes early for a 7:15 reservation. It was packed. My wife waited in line for 10-15 minutes just to check in. She got to the front and was told our name wasn't 'in the system'. My wife brought out her cell phone and offered to show her the reservation. The woman refused to even look at it. The woman was rude and dismissive. She said we could come back at 9:30. Like I'm going to wait nearly three hours to eat dinner (I also had my 12 year old son with us). Absolute, complete joke! No apology, no attempt to try and rectify the situation. Never again for this place.
It's been a sad experience ...really!Went there with my girlfriend on a Saturday evening and signed up for the 15$ special that includes 'UNLIMITED PIZZA', 2 hrs of bowling and shoes. The bowling experience was regular and the guy at the counter did the needful for which I was generous with the tip.NOW THE FUN PART WAS THE 'UNLIMITED PIZZA' . I believe this was some kind of a joke.1. The unlimited Pizza only includes the Pepperoni and Cheese 1-topping options and none other. my girlfriend wanted the veggie option and guess what.....u need to pay for it seperately...2.  I was okay with the 1-topping... but They wouldn't give you any pizza......hahahahahahahha....U need to request them time and again and again and again and again.Beers are also expensive at 7$ a tall.All in all we walked out of the place even before the allocated 2 hours.all in all it was a HORRIBLE experience.If you wanna bowl try the other locations and incase you have to go this one make sure you don''t go for the unlimited pizza (lol) deal and maybe just stick to bowling.
There is hair in their pasta and they are having a hard time admitting they are at fault. Instead the manager mishandled the situation. I just wanted to let know what going on with their pasta before another customer encounter the same situation. I was a repeated customer but after this bad experience,  I will not go back. I'll inform my neighbor, friends,  and family. Thank you Sweet Tomatoes for ruining one of my favorite place to dine.
This was my first time at this PF Chang's and I was not impressed. The service was extremely slow even though it was a Sunday night and the restaurant was not very busy. The portions were small. They were also playing 5 year old pop music really loud. Pop music! Come on--this is an "Asian Bistro."
DISABLED PEOPLE, PLEASE BEWARE I've been a patron of Cajun Queen for over a decade but my experience tonight was humiliating. I treated my sister to  a birthday dinner and despite our online reservation, we were asked to leave in  the most demeaning of ways. I have a debilitating childhood disease and use a wheelchair on occasion ; tonight was one such occasion. I could only order food I knew didn't require cutting, so I opted for potatoes and a salad. My sister ordered a full meal with wine. I had two mixed drinks (so we're not cheap diners). We had to signal for another glass of wine for my sister, despite seeing the party next to us being served appropriately. I'm not sure why we were overlooked but I'm left to wonder if it's the small portion I ordered that was disparaging.Anyway, when my sister went to look upstairs a minute to reminisce, our server asked my sister quite off the cuff, "Do you want help with 'her' (wheel)chair I kinda need that table."Taken aback, my sister said, "No." We took note of the EMPTY tables on BOTH sides of us and the fact that the restaurant wasn't crazy busy as we remembered. I spent $67 on a tab for two  and left a TIP of $20--clearly more than twenty percent.I don't know many people who tip as graciously as I  do. My reasoning for leaving the tip despite the service, was it being Christmas time and it's something I do for goodwill.When we rolled to the handicap ramp, it was completely (I mean, completely) blocked off by an A-frame sign about parking; see for yourself. Had  my sister not been with me, I would have not been able to access the restaurant at all.I haven't  always been disabled and ran a restaurant, myself (loved every minute of it). I know how people can take advantage (campers) and I know people can be uber-cheap at tipping. I don't fall into  either ilk. I know good service when I see it; I know how to approach diners who overstay their 'welcome (their can NEVER be anyone who overstay their welcome; consider it flattery); it's part of doing business and keeping patrons happy.  Take a loss here and there. We were in and HOME in a little over two hours. The couple beside us with the adorable little girl who  laid all over the booth was fine by me; she's a child and CQ is a noisy place. I felt a sting of angst when I asked for my food to be wrapped. The facial gestures were quite unsettling.Please don't tell me I'm sensitive: I've had over FORTY surgeries--TWO with NO painkillers afterwards. I've walked on a BROKEN leg to buy wrapping paper tape been accosted because I wasn't 'messed up' "enough'" to ''deserve a handicap tag. So enough ---but there's  no excuse for inhospitably between diner and those needing  to use the facilities.''PLeASe let these be a isolated parents.'PLEASE LEAVE :)
My employer hosted a lunch event here and as the second in command for organizing the event I was EXTREMELY dissatisfied with this place. First off this wasn't my selection of restaurant. Had I visited it before like the organizer did I would NEVER have selected to host our event here. Decor needs a major update. I understand redecorating is expensive but that is NO excuse for your out of fashion decor to be dirty. Filthy walls, carpet and seats. Dirty and dingy smelling bathrooms. Next disappointment was the SLOW service. We had about 15 guests and 5 presentersevent staff. It took forever for our Grandpa server to get anything including drink refills. At one point I had to get refills on my own from the bartender who appeared to be doing nothing. Why could he have not helped out is beyond me. There was only one other table in the restaurant. Food was coming out and different times, some tables had salad while others had nothing, when the meal came out it was also not timed very well. One of our guests even had a bug in her food (the potatoes). I was really disappointed with the quality of food. The sides and cuts of meat seemed cheap and there didn't seem to be anything overly "Brazilian" about them.Save your money and your time.
Holy balls!  What a shit show!  How about having an adult help run the place!  Let me preface this that I really, really wanted to like this place, being that it's so close to my house. I waited 25 minutes for two pitas.  The cook forgot my double meat, which I had already paid $2.00 for. They asked me if I had wanted double meat and I told them that that was what I had ordered. They told the cook to throw some more meat on the grill, but at that point I just wanted to get the F out of there. I told them to forget the extra meat and said that I just wanted to leave. The girl, obviously seeing that I was irritated, handed me my food, smirked at me and said "Have a great day!".As for the food, it was ok. All processed meats. I probably could've made it at home.
The staff was very impolite. Everythin is over priced. I would try the places in Marketplace before ever coming here.
Worst sandwich on Earth.I'd rather eat a dead whore.Please...never come here.
Freaking out a little. Just got finished eating there. Hairs in the food and I saw a cockroach crawl across the kitchen floor. At least if I get sick tonight I will know why!
Bad experience. The place is crowded with group tourists from China. Waiting time is long. But the quality and quantity of the food are also surprisingly bad. Will not visit the place again.
The food was fine. It's a chain. I'm not rating it. The service was absolutely horrible. It started well enough when we ordered lunch, but ended horribly when my daughter said we should get a treat for my husband. Between being ignored by the girl at the counter, her not listening to the order, then arguing with me when I told her I did not ask for what she brought me, I really can't decide which is worse. I rather spend my money somewhere local where they appreciate my business, rather than take attitude from Panera employees.
A friend bought a red velvet cake for a party.  Under duress I took a bite to be polite.  It was everything I dreaded and more.  This time it was also gummy and stuck to the roof of my mouth.  The gift that keeps on giving.
Never ever go here.  Really bland overpriced food with horrible service.  I've had better kung pao chicken out of a frozen bag from Trader Joe's....much better actually.
As a vegetarian, I have to tell you that I was pretty excited to see a place called "Tofu Hut" -- open 24 hours a day, even!When I finally made my way over there with a fellow vegetarian (the only person who could possibly be as excited as I was about a restaurant called "Tofu Hut"), I have to say we VERY disappointed.As far as I could tell, there were only two tofu dishes on the entire menu.  And they both had meat in them, too.  This was apparently more of a Korean BBQ place than a vegetarian haven.Not only was its name misleading, I found the inside to be very unclean... When I ate there the first time, I didn't touch my food.  Needless to say, I wouldn't eat there again.  Ever.
For the takeout I had picked up a few days ago I can say I was not pleased. The rice was burnt to crisp, the pork was fatty with little to no meat, and the soup tasted rotten. I must explore the different Filipino food options here in Las Vegas, but this restaurant is definitely not the place to go. The interior is really ghetto and out of date as well. The lady who helped me was really rude and there was a 15 minute delay when picking up my items.
I thought I'd try Wah Kee based on the reviews.  Big mistake.  Maybe delivery is the wroing way to go.  I wanted to go safe with a new choice for Chinese.  Pot Stickers and Pad Thai noodles.  The pot stickers were just a big ball of dough with some filling. Absolutely the worst example of a pot sticker I've ever had.  The Pad Thai noodles were completly dry, completely void of sauce.  I put every packet of soy sauce, hot sauce, and pot sticker sauce they geve me, just to try and gag it down.  No luck.
I should've believed what was already written but It was close to my hotel. The WORST manipedi of my life. I'm 43. I'm a flight attendant. I've been to a LOT of nail salons. I swear she wasn't licensed. She had no clue but claims to have been doing nails for 40 years. She clearly needs to retire and the male owner was an a$$. He says "not everyone does it the same." Well..... They certainly should come close!! No cuticle push back. Didn't know how to remove gel polish. Didn't file straight or smooth. Didn't clean under my nails after lotion. I had to tell her to take alcohol to my nails to clean off lotion and remind her to use a base coat. Then she polished all over my cuticle. 17 hours later having done nothing but sleep workout and shower the polish is chipped off 6 nails.
Food was NOT GOOD at all! My husband & I ate here a couple weeks ago for the first time. I ordered a salad & basil pesto cream pasta & my husband ordered the spinach & feta pasta. The salad was just a huge plate of spring mix (nothing else in it) with WAY to much vinegar dressing. My lettuce was drowning in the vinegar. My pesto pasta had no flavor (did not taste like a cream sauce to me) & the pesto was so runnywatery & way too much sauce not enough noodles. My husband's pasta had even less flavor than mine. We ate about a quarter of the food & couldn't even finish it. We took it home & it was so bad I didn't even eat my leftovers. And I hate wasting food!! Plus the prices are expensive for the amount of food you get & of course the poor quality. Don't waste your time eating here. There are much better Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh.
This used to be my FAVORITE place to eat.  Today that sadly ended. First, they might be under new owners as the menu changed and the taste was a little different.  But, the worst thing that happened when I went today was that a saw a HUGE roach. The chef came out 2-3 times to try to kill it. he also used the word again, making me think this wasn't a new problem.  And, the worst part was that he asked the customer who pointed it out if she was scared of it. Um, I am scared that it has likely run around my food and nested in the ingera before you gave it to me.  So gross that you don't see to care!!!
Dont order the porkbelly!unless you like raw shit! Food is terrible !! Service is even worse
This buffest reminded me of a Las Vegas buffet except all the food gave me heartburn.  I'd been to a hometown buffet before so when my bf suggested it I relied on my memory of the experience and agreed to go.  Unfortunately my memory must have been jilted by the occasion or this Hometown Buffet was just bad, I dont know.  what I do know is that the food is cheap, about 10$ per person.  It is also soft.  And by this i mean everything is overcooked.  And it all gave me heartburn that lasted all day.  So will I be back  Maybe in about 10 years when I've forgotten about this experience.
This Starbuck's is super slow & overpriced compared to the others. They don't take gift cards due to "technical difficulties." I'd recommend finding another Starbuck's on the strip. Worst Starbucks to visit!
First off, our waiter only understood about 25% of what we said.When my "red snapper" with red curry sauce arrived and I took a bite, I realized it was talapia, and not red snapper. I hate the muddy flavor of talapia, and felt cheated because the dish cost $15.95.Our waiter didn't return for about 18 minutes, so I went ahead and started eating the sauce with rice, just barely nibbling on the fish.When he returned, I told him that the fish was talapia and not snapper. He checked with the chef and came back and verified my suspicions. I told him he should give us a discount since talapia is an inexpensive fish. He didn't understand and sent the manager over.The manager insisted it was red snapper and tried to convince us of that by talking about the chilis and spices. Excuse me, I know that red curry sauce does not make red snapper taste like talapia. I cook Thai food at home. I know what different fish taste like.She refused to give us a refund, and was not polite at all about the situation. If our waiter had shown up sooner, I would have just sent the dish back and ordered something else. (Of course, they probably would have tried to charge us for both!)In addition to this, the dish was overly salty, over priced, and they used that granulated garlic that leaves a bitter taste in your mouth for two hours. We won't be going back!
It started off with a more-than-20-minute wait even though we had a reservation. After we finally got seated at the "tapas and wine bar," we waited for the waiter to come to the table. Finally he came, but he knew nothing about wine. We asked for a recommendation for a dry, minerally white wine, and after checking with someone else he brought us a sweet oaked chardonnay. Then there was the ceviche we ordered that didn't actually have avocado in it.. If you want generally mediocre food, consistently slow service, and waiters who don't know the wine or food, go to Ibiza. Otherwise, stay away.
I got here at 4pm on a weekday in Dec 2006 and maybe I had the skeleton staff because service really sucked ass. No smile. No checking back. Wrong orders. You gotta be kidding me.The gazpacho was good but not extraordinary and to my surprise, the waiter didn't even know what kind of olives I was being served. The sangria was good but... honestly... my glass was more ICE than it was DRINK.So sad because 4 years ago I ate at Babareeba in Chicago and had such an amazing experience. Fun, lively, great food, and very knowledgeable waitstaff. I talked about it for the following week!Going into the Las Vegas restaurant and asking a simple question about what kind of olives are in the olive appetizer and getting a blank stare as an answer was just the beginning of a disappointing experience.
Went in with friends for lunch.  Was greeted warmly and seated.  Server, although friendly, did not know the menu at all.  When I inquired about the "brushcetta" my correct pronunciation was quickly corrected and she proceeded to describe it as "it's just bread...".Servers need to be better educated on menu and descriptions.  Menu was an odd mixture with no continuity.  The "grilled peach and feta salad" was really a steak salad with canned peaches.  The salad was terrible.  The cherry tomatoes were old and wrinkled, the dressing so-so, and the mixed greens weren't dressed completely, like the cook ran out of dressing for all the salads ordered.  The raspberry bagel that was ordered was really a cinnamonraisin.  Ordered lemon in our water, but was told there were no lemons.  Understandably, this was a soft opening but first impressions do count.  I would not return here based on the food, and unknowledgeable  servers.  Chalkboard menu needs better descriptions.  And please, if you offer grilled anything, make sure it's fresh, and make sure it's grilled.  Eliminate the canned food.
We've been trying to use our Living Social deal to this place for a couple months now... we finally had the chance on Saturday night.  My take on Melting Pot has always been that the cheese and the dessert are awesome - but that I could pretty much do without the meat course in the middle.So we started with the spinach artichoke cheese fondue, which was really really good.  The wedge salad with bacon and peppercorn ranch, also good.  Then we got to the meat course.  Without turning this into a novel, we discovered that one of the shrimp that had been cooking in our broth fhad not been de-turded.  That's right, it had been cooking with the rest of our meat, in poo-broth.  So, there goes the appetite, and after bringing it up to the waiter - and his discussing it with the manager - they were "gracious" enough to take a $5 beer off our tab.I'm sorry, but serving poop to customers, should pretty much be a no-no.  Especially at those prices.  I kept thinking of the line from one of my favorite movies, The Jerk, "You would think, at these prices, you could keep the POOP off the food!".I digress... suffice it to say, we won't be going back to The Melting Pot.
This place continues to be a joke.  The service is bad and the attitude of the workers is worse.  My order is never right and yet I still go...never again.  I officially deem this place the worst restaurant in Pittsburgh.
Tried the place for lunch. Not memorable. We are both fans of Indonesian food and this tasted nothing like what we have had before. The specialty chicken was fatty and greasy, kfc is better. Three much better options in the same strip mall.
Came with my BF we started with the crab artichoke dip. It was very greasy and had virtually no crab. The wedge salad was good and crisp. I had the hazelnut crusted chicken. This has to be one of the worst dishes I've ever had it was like pancake syrup over breaded chicken. To finish the meal we had the homemade chocolate chip cookies served with hot fudge. Well there was no hot fudge it was chocolate syrup the ice cream was so crystallized from melting and re-freezing all around disappointing.
Nice decor, poor service and the food is over-priced and poorly executed. We were here with a party of 5 and nothing was exceptional. One tapas dish was really fishy. A few not bad. Main dishes were skimpy with no attention to quality and presentation. I do not recommend Ibiza at all. A waste of money.
Date & Time of Visit:  May 21, DinnertimeI don't know what this place was thinking with their eighty-five-dollar, eight-course tasting menu.  That menu had microscopic-size courses and the taste, after the first two (2) courses, were repetitive--and mostly on the sweet side.  Moreover, the place has the sticky feel that one would associate with divey restaurants.  As for their restroom, only one and a unisex one at that.  And yes, there was urine on the floor.
On 91910 my family (6 adults, 4 children (5yrs & under) went to enjoy dim sum at what WAS our favorite restaurant. We I reviewed the bill I noticed an unfamiliar high-priced amount on the bill. I went to the cashier station and asked what was the charge for, I was told it is a service charge for parties over 8 people. I said, "there are only 6 adults and 4 children." He (I believe the owner) just shrouded his shoulders and said, "that's our service charge." $19.25!!!! - that's an extreme charge for servicing water refills and collecting empty dim sum containers. Sunday dim sum  Chang's is now a thing of the past for us...Ping Pang Pong here we come!
I hated it! First, when I reach there the server showed me a table at the door. I asked for another location because it was cold... His answer.... Why followed with an arrogant face!!! OK!!!! We finally sited in another place.... The salad came... It was ok... Nothing special... The entree... Please.... I can cook better... The lamb was sooo ordinary... Since I was in Pittsburgh for a meeting, I ask to the same old "gentleman" that was serving us for a itemized ticket ( to be reimbursed by university). Whole sh....!!!! His answer: this is the receipt, I can give you nothing else! You can write by yourself what you ate and show to them.... The only restaurant that gave me so rude, unprofessional answer ever!!!! It is not everything... I just took my things and I was moving out when the same "gentleman" say loud: THE TIP WAS NOT INCLUDE!!!! Oh my god.... Should I really tell him how much he deserved But, I took a deep breath and some bucks from my pocket, and give to him... Saying sorry with my mouth, but shov.... it!!!! With my eyes!!!! Please, if you go to there... Cross the street, you find a nice Indian cuisine. Five steps ahead, Cambodian. Three steps back, a nice cafe. Better, Six Penn at the corner...
Don't go here to eat, just go to get your Filipino dance and karaoke on, I guess. I had a $20 certificate (glad I didn't actually spend good money here). Ordered (to go) the waitress' suggestion: egg roll appy and Mike (noodlebok choynoodle something). Both were so SOOO greasy that I took a few bites and trashed the rest. Yet another disappointing Vegas dining experience. Also seemed like waitress had never seen the menu before. Amateur hour. Pass.BTW, I was tempted by the sisig until I learned it is traditionally made with pig ears and snout (wat!). Waitress said theirs is made with pork belly. Yeah, I trust her Pttht.
Terrible! I'm just now getting over this horrible stomach bug caused by his place. I ended up paying $10.92 for a salad, water, and a small tiramisu. Needless to say, that price is ridiculous! You should never have to pay that much at lunch time for that little amount of food. Speaking of the food, in the salad, there was an egg and so I out it on a napkin because I don't like eggs. The waitress came by and asked how it was and I told her that I didn't like the egg. Instead of taking it or saying "hey sorry about that" or something to the effect, she just walked off. The tiramisu was awful, it tasted like someone tried to make banana pudding and failed. If you like tiramisu like I do, go to Olive Garden or SAMs club around Christmas. You will not be disappointed like you will here. Needless to say, I'm never going back.
We came for dinner and was not impressed at all.  For the price of the dinner  ($23. to $37 per entree), and the location, the place needs a total remodel or at the least,  to be cleaned.  We ordered dinner about 7:15 and not until an hour later did we finally lose our patience and asked when our dinner was coming.  The waiter told us it would probably be another 15 or 20 minutes, because it takes a while for the paella to cook.  That should have been told to us at the beginning when we ordered this.  The dinner was way below average (not worth the high cost)  because the food had no taste and some of the seafood was still raw.  We had to ask for some more bread to hold us over for the long wait.  We also overheard surrounding tables complaining about the food.  We finally left there after 9:30.  Sorry, not planning on go back after reading other reviews.
It's was ok
Food,staff & service all very very poor.interiors very depressing.u are better of cooking Indian food at home it will turn out better than anything served at this place
There's nothing about this specific location that is bad.  It's the Einstein Bagels food itself.  I got a Santa Fe Egg wrap, and I don't understand how they can use the term "egg" in the name.  There's no way in hell that slimy yellow gelatin came from a chicken!   Absolutely horrible.
I have dined at Namaste for the final time.  I am tired of being served by an individual that does not speak: who treats the customer with disdain and indifference.  The words "thank you" and "how are you" are not part of the lexicon here.  The buffet items reflect economizing.  Virtually no cauliflower is used, thus my favorite dish, aloo gobi, is never offered..  There sometimes is no rice pudding, and in place of the India staple buffet item, chicken tandoori, the cheaper and less appealing chicken wings are offered.  It is s shame that such a beautiufl, comfortable restaurant space is being wasted.  For a mere $1.01 more, I can receive a spectacular and delicious array of the finest Indian food in the lovely atmosphere of All India, North Craig Street, Oakland, where I receive gracious, personal attention from the owners.
Well, we TRIED to eat here today.  Upon walking in, we noticed that there was only one woman working.  The food looked amazing though so we got in line.  After standing there for nearly 15 minutes while the one woman bussed tables, fixed other customer's orders and cleaned, the guy in front of us gave up and left.  Now at the front of the line, we figured it wouldn't be too much longer.  We weren't acknowledged as the one employee continued to serve every other customer that walked up. She finally glanced at us several minutes later and gave us an apathetic "sorry" before continuing on.  After having waited nearly 25 minutes, we realized that even if we placed our order now, it would take way too long to receive it.  And so we too gave up, the second customer in a row to do so.  On our way out, I wished the next customer walking in good luck.  It's truly a shame, we would have loved to try the food.  It still looks amazing.  Perhaps if they hire more staff.
Did I really just pay twenty eight bucks for two small plates of lettuce and two small sodas Yes I did. And I feel mighty ashamed. Throw in terrible, bleak, sick looking decorations while I eat my thirteen dollar salad and I feel even worse. And add another two dollars if you want chicken on that already pricey salad. I don't know, maybe if you're a slob who takes a dozen trips to the buffet it could be worth it, but I just wanted a salad. I am not a fan.
What a disappointment!! Evening started pretty badly and did not get much better.  We had reservations for 5 people at 7PM this past Saturday. Two of us were there early and rudely treated by the hostess. She was vague about seating us and we decided to wait at the bar. When the rest of our group arrived (on time!!), I informed the hostess and she looked at me blankly and then the packed restaurant.  She told me it would be awhile. Huh When asked what "awhile" was, she said 20min.  But then seated us in 5 (she had to bus a table which I take it as one of the things she dislikes about her job - that and people).Food was a let down. Potato latkes were greasy and blah.  Fish tacos were recommended and were basically fried fish sticks.  Pumpkin risotta was heavy and confusing flavor wise.  Others had the same sentiments.Service was rough.  Long waits and lack of attentiveness. Noise level (couldn't converse at all) made the night just a bit harer to tolerate.Not sure Pino's will get a repeat visit.  Disappointment:(
I used to frequent Tai Pei once a week or so, but within the last few years, it has gone severely downhill. The food is greasy, way too expensive, and they use massive amounts of MSG. I got terrible MSG poisoning from Tai Pei and ever since then, have gone to Jimmy Wan's down the road.
Notice the word "market" over the door, it is NOT a good thing. My family was thoroughly disappointed in the quality of food that was served. The portions were smaller, the lettuce wraps tasted like burnt oil, the king pao chicken was mystery meat that included something pointy. This is decidedly NOT pei wei junior, it is much lower on the quality scale.
I don't understand all the glowing reviews of this place.  The mashed potatoes and gravy were INSTANT and kraut came from a can.  I cannot say enough that for 12.50, someone had better have at least BOILED the potatoes.  Over priced, it deserves to be on Kitchen Nightmares.  Unless we just happed to be there on the one day in their history to have used instant and prepackaged things, I would pass it on by.  Their kitchen has at least 3 microwaves visible from the dining area, and they charge for lunch avg $15 a plate  No thank you.
Despite living in PIttsburgh for most of my life, I've somehow managed to never eat at Max's Allegheny Tavern until recently.  My initial impression of the restaurant was positive - the place had an old neighborhood feel to it, a small crowd was drinking at the end of the antique hardwood bar, and the German murals on the walls made me crave an icy-cold German lager with a stout head of foam.  I thought about how well German potato salad would taste with that beer.  So I grabbed a seat at the bar and eagerly awaited the first taste of my beer.And I waited...and waited...and waited some more - for over 15 minutes before someone came around to take the order.  Actually that isn't quite accurate.  Two employees came around - one to the end of the bar, and one behind the bar directly opposite me.  Both of them stared at me.  Neither one greeted me or asked me what I would have like to order.  I stared back, incredulously, and even made a "what's going on here" palms-extended-upward-shoulder-shrug gesture.  Neither one took the hint.Finally a third employee came around the bar and took my order.  Great, I thought to myself, finally that beer.  She served the beer in a Mason jar.  WTF!  Who serves imported German lager at a German restaurant in a freaking Mason jar  Max's does.  The beer was devoid of its head, likely the result of a bad beer pour andor a less than perfectly clean glass (an endemic problem with Pittsburgh restaurants, in my observation).  I was sad.  I quaffed my beer quickly in an attempt to salve my irritation and opened the menu.My first impression of the menu can be summed as follows: "Uh-oh".  The menu is huge with a number of "slow-food" stews and braises.  The restaurant is more than half-empty.  How can a restaurant prepare such a large number of menu items, including more than a few labor-intensive dishes, freshly every day and still stay in business when the place isn't even half-full  Answer: They can't.  The food isn't fresh.I ordered the Wiener Schnitzel.  I love properly prepared Wiener Schnitzel.  Made with fresh butterflied veal breast, slightly pounded and seasoned, well-coated in fresh bread crumbs, and pan-fried in clarified butter until golden brown on the outside and juicy on the inside, Wiener Schnitzel is the ultimate comfort food.  Sadly, Max's Wiener Schnitzel had nothing to do with properly prepared Schnitzel.  The veal was super-thin, had a texture that strongly suggested it had been mechanically processed, and tasted as if it was pre-breaded and frozen.  It wasn't pan fried either.  The breaded, frozen, puck was simply dropped into a fryolater - where the breading puffed out and fell off of the meat in places (which doesn't happen when the cutlet is resting against the cooking surface under its own weight as when the dish is properly pan-fried).  The edges of the sad Schnitzel had curled up and it looked a horrible mess on the plate.  Curly Schnitzel!  My stomach dropped.My sides, German potato salad and braised red cabbage, were equally awful.  The German potato salad had an unnatural glossy sheen - the kind that typically comes from bottled sauces that contain high fructose corn syrup.  The "bacon" in the dressing was nothing more than tiny flecks of some sort of processed, possibly faux, "meat".  The potatoes were suspiciously uniform in thickness and roundness - exactly the homogeneity that is found in pre-peeled, pre-sliced, vacuum-sealed processed potatoes.  It was a gluey, sickly sweet, mess.  I didn't have more than a bite or two.  The braised red cabbage didn't taste fresh - it tasted like it had been sitting in a steam table for a day or two and my order was its last chance to be eaten.  Max's Allegheny Tavern bills itself on their web site as, "The Best in German Fare.  The Best in Service".That's total bullshit.  It's awful - both for service and fare.If you want good, authentic, German fare (in which the Schnitzel is properly pan-fried to order and delicious), join the Teutonia Mannerchor down the street.  I'll never return.
"Welcome to Big Dogs; where you can eat, drink, smoke and play."Well, not any more.Just got the word.  Wiesner Jr is closing the place to focus on brewing beer at the North Rancho location.  I have eaten Walleye at the Sahara location every Friday for 5 years.  I'm going to miss it.  The beer was my least favorite part of going to Big Dogs.  The Dirty Dog IPA gives me a hangover that I do not get from any other alcohol, except their Jackpot 777!  When reinheitsgebot (Bavarian purity law) gets thrown to the curb you should expect bad things.Its been real, its been fun, but it hasn't been real fun.
At the pubrestaurant side I had a very bad experience, terrible food, even worse service.  A complete waste of money, avoid at all costs.
I wrote separate reviews for the two eateries here, Sangria and Palm Court, so I will attempt to cover my 4 night mid-week experience this March.  My friend booked online and is was a business expense, so I am not sure of the room charge per night, but the internet rate is coming up at $205 per night.- 1 Star - Resort fee.  Okay, so tell me again what the $19 per day covers  Use of the gym Internet Well, these are usually free most places that I travel that have them.  As for the other resort "stuff" - I won't have time to use it, so I would rather have not been charged. Just roll it into the room fee for heaven's sake!+ 1 Star - Complimentary Valet Parking.  But then again, our room was far from the main area so we never made us of the valet and self parked the whole time, down near our room.- 1 Star - The Room size.  We were in Casita 68.  An upper casita room, corner.  We had a view of the golf course.  The room had a king bed, desk with chair, two side tables, minibarchest thing (above it was TV).  The room felt cramped and in fact if you are sitting at the desk, your roomie will have to crawl over the bed to get to the micro-balcony.- 1 Star - Balcony.  Some rooms might have bigger patios (ground floor) but the balcony off our casita room barely fit two chairs and a little center table.  However sitting in the chairs you would have a view of... The balcony wall. Not well planned.- 1 Star - Bathroom.  Okay, so there is a dressingchanging area outside the main bathroom.  And it has a little sink.  But the bathroom itself is barely powder room size.  Into that is crammed another sink (!!), toilet, standard bathshower. - 1 Star - Lighting.  The room was dark, all in all.  For a corner room to only have natural light from the balcony glass doors was grim.  Although there are three table lamps and 1 overhead by the closet, the room is dim, like granny's house.- 1 Star - Toiletries.  I hate those cheap ass "Gilchrist and Soames" soapsetc.  And what is with no shower gel  Two tiny soaps, one lotion, one shampoo, one conditioner.  Lame.- 1 Star - Noise.  First few nights no problem.  Then last night the other guests arrived I suppose. Not exagerrating to say that I could not only hear the two guys next door talking but I could hear WORD FOR WORD what they were saying.  It was a bit disconcerting.  I thought that maybe they had their balcony door open, but then they OPENED it and it was like... OMG, they *are* in my room!  Oh, and the people downstairs - could hear them through the floor (but more muffled).  But could hear the doors slamming from all floorsnear and far as though they were in the room with me!  horrible.+ 1 Star - Maid service.  Very nice non-English speaking lady who gave me more towels etc with a smile.  Very quick and efficient at the room.- 1 Star - Overall quality of the resort.  This is just not a 4 star resort.  It's more like it *was* but they got lost on the way.  Little things like the 21% service charge AUTOMATICALLY added onto the already outrageous breakfast ($17 for a buffet - and not even any custom order options - all out of steam trays How is that worth $17).  Like the worn carpet in the breakfast room (duct tape used to repair it here and there).  Like the saggy quality of the mattress - I wonder how old that bed isWould not stay here again, even if someone else paying for it.  Felt like a rip off even on the company expense account.  What these guys need is to either invest wildly to bring themselves to a higher standard of overall quality (new rugs, better toiletries, enhance roooms, etc) or just make further cuts and be a lower price 3 star resort.
I always go to this bar when in Vegas during the soccer season but only because it has the monopoly on soccer pubs in the city.  The lack of competition has lead to complacency and piss-taking on the cover charge for games.  My gripe recently is that my brother and I paid 20 bucks each to watch a game televised on Fox Soccer Channel (basic cable) when we could have watched in any other sports bar for free.I've been to games there with the atmosphere rocking, but for the UEFA Cup Final it was only half busy and left me wondering how they justify taking 20 bucks off customers when the average patron will also drop a reasonable amount behind the bar and on food.
Three weeks later and my machine has tension problems like never before. Guess where I won't be going to get it fixed
We made reservations for this place and when we got there, our table wasn't ready. We had to wait 10mins for our table. Once we were seated, we waited for 30mins and nobody served us even after repeatedly asking for service!! We walked out. Also the place looked a little dirty.
I live in Cali, and I always go to tea station in Cerritos, so I decided to try the one in LV. Bad bad service, one of the guys name is see or ce I don't know. But one of the reason they said they werent welcoming to my cousins and I is cause they were so busy, that shouldn't be an excuse. Aside from that there tea is really really good. Too bad I didn't get one at the one in LV. FYI they only accept credit card if you spend over 10.
As a huge fan of Mediterranean food, I am disappointed that I will not be going back to the Casbah. This is even more disappointing since this is the only Mediterranean restaurant in a reasonable walking distance from my office for lunch. I have given the Casbah three opportunities to make me a devoted fan. Every time I have placed a to-go order, it has either been the wrong order or on two occasions the chicken was raw.
I thought the food was mediocre at best but unfortunately the whole family group of six really despised the food and the decor passionately.We took the lunch buffet which was cold and not at all tasty.Their Ethiopian flat spongy bread crapes (injeras )had too much baking soda, it was bitterly unappetizing. The bean sauces and vegetable dishes tasted like leftovers from some days ago.  We did our best to barely eat what we could, since we figured that we would get a big fat bill.. we have had the best ethiopian food at several places.This place does not even come close to it.Very disappointed with the food .We were the only ones  the restaurant.We should have taken the hint.I would certainly not recommend this place.
If you are looking for a gym that is more concerned about their reputation then your kid - well sign up!   I had a boy and a girl on their team.  My daughter's confidence was destroyed and it took almost 6 months to rebuild her self-esteem (new coaches have worked hard to turn her around).  My son got burnt out with the intensity of the mens coach (he's 10).  Luckily, both kids are in good spots now.  Don't go here.  There are many other gyms in the valley and yes, the facilities are beautiful but not worth the toll on your kids' psyche.
$7 per slice for a Cheesecake Okay that's understandable for being at the most expensive commercial real estate on 24st & Camelback in Phoenix. What is not excusable is the Moroccan Chicken. The only reason I got in my car a blew $30 on a meal on take out, is because of a video showing how delicious it was. What I got from this location was nothing short of horrible. It looked nothing like what I saw in the video, and on top of that the chicken was so dry I had to chase it down with water just to swallow it. It did not matter that they were generous, giving 3 breasts with the meal, because I could not finish even one. Since I hate wasting food I gave it to my 3 cats, but they would not even eat it, and they love chicken!I would not have even written this review because I hate bashing businesses, but this place refused to answer my email complaint about the bad meal. At least answer and acknowledge you read it. Next time I'll just go down the road to Chili's. At least they try..
They charge $20 for delivery on top of whatever your food cost. I live 3 miles away. ripoff
I made my appointment for a yearly PAP & seen her for the first time. I waited almost an hour to be seen. I was asked if a student could watch, I was fine with that. I didn't think about it during visit but after I was worried thinking that Dr. did nothing but sit in the room while the student did my ENTIRE exam. Now I feel as if my test was probably not done right. I also had a red bump on my breast that had been there for a few weeks, I showed Dr. Brass. She thought it was ring worm, I knew it wasn't & she gave me a cream & told me to let her know if it didn't go away. While I was there I asked that they also test for STD's just to be safe, as I always do when getting a PAP. Come to find out she never made notes to test for that so it was never done at the lab. I wasn't going to make a big deal about it so I just never said anything. My second visit was due to finding out I had a fibroidpolyp in my uterus from my primary care doctor and was told to follow-up with my gnyo. I called to make the appt & was told her first opening was a month away, the women on the phone thought I shouldn't wait that long so she told me to hold & see if she could do anything. She said she could get me in that day in a few hours. So I took a half day off of work and went to my appt. I was scared & concerned what was going on in my body because I had to Google it. I printed out the info & it told me what questions to ask. After waiting 45 mins past my appt, I was given a sheet and told to remove my pants. I figured this meant she was going to examine me. Dr. Brass comes in & asks me what is going on. I tell her about what I was told and I was here to follow up to figure out my options and what all this meant. She then asks why I have a sheet on & not a gown, I said I am not sure that is just what I was told. She opens the door and starts yelling at the assistant girl of why she would not put me in a gown, tells me that the assistant is going to start over then she will come back in. She could have easily just given me a gown. I put the gown on, she comes back in with a student. She then tells me well we will do surgery. I was stunned & told her I really would like to watch it & just want to know what happens if I watch it & what happens if I do surgery. Once I told her I didn't want to do surgery she became a horrible pissed off person. I had to basically force information out of her. I ask, if I watch it how long would we wait to re-test & do another ultra sound. She says "a year", which I thought was way too long (my old gyno who I returned to told me the same thing, we will re-test in 4-6 months). Then I ask, what happens if I do surgery, are their possible complications like me not being able to have children I am 28 and never had one yet & that is a very important thing to me. She says, "this is so small there would be no complications, it is not huge the things you are reading, are about huge fibroids". I was in shock. I start to tear up because I am frustrated & I am not being comforted or made to feel like I am being informed or supported here. She asks me why I looked confused. I said because you are acting as if you are pissed that I am here. She tells me, "well I am pissed, my front desk didn't tell me you were coming in today". I said, ok well I am here and I need to understand what is going on, I don't feel like you are giving me info to better understand. I want to know what happens if I do surgery. "do you know you are talking in circles, do you" I told her well it is only because I want to understand my options & you're very hostile. "Well if you want to do surgery then we will discuss that in the next visit". Why not tell me now instead of me paying another co-pay just to be told what happens. "You won't remember all this". I said I will. With an attitude explains the surgery. Asks me why I am crying, she thinks I have an emotional issue & hiding info from her because my Dr. test me for STD's. "Did you have a new partner" No been with same guy 8 years "Then why all the testing" Because you never know and I wanted to eliminate them for the reason's I was having female issues & full body rash. She yells at me, I am not telling her things and that I must have some emotional thing going on & I must think he was cheating. I looked at the student, she was staring at the wall. I was pissed at this point, I then talk about the last I was in you gave me cream and told me if the bump on breast didn't go away to let you know. She looks at it from a distance and says, "it looks like a stretch mark". I say it is not a stretch mark it is a bump and it has been there for almost 2 months now. She touches it and says "see a dermatologist then". She then says ok we are done call and schedule if you want to do the surgery. I called the manager next day & got a refund, they apologized &said that was not her normal manner.I am now reading theses reviews on here and seems it is her norm.
These people are crooks! We made a deposit of $150 for a whole lechon order 1 week before the event. We got a call from them 3 hours before the party that there will be no lechon. What ever the circumstances were behind this failure, they should've informed us well ahead of time so we could've worked on alternatives.  So we decided to replace the order with lechon kawali, embotidos, chicken afritada and sisig, whatever will be worth the deposit we put in. They instead delivered only embotido, lechon kawali and as a gratis, the woman said she's giving us 3 pieces of crispy pata,  but, we still gonna owe them $50. I said why do we still owe you when you failed to do our order My husband didn't want any more confrontations, especially since we were at the church parking lot (another epic, they said they deliver, but they wanted to meet us at a closer location),  so he paid the $50 and the woman simply said there isn't anything else that she can do. Lesson to learn:  Do not order party foods from these people..The 1 star rating is only for the crispy pata sauce!
The only reason anyone goes to this restaurant is to sit on the deck and drink.  I want to like this place so badly I keep coming back and hoping that it'll be awesome and it just never is.  Like dating someone who is very very hot but also very very stupid, it's amazing how much patience one can have if there's a really good atmosphere.One year I took my father here for his birthday.  I don't usually call people names but our waitress was just a complete idiot to the point we felt bad for her and that was the ONLY reason we didn't freak out on her completely.  She forgot my dad's food order.  She brought out mine, but then neglected to notice that my dad was sitting there with nothing.  The manager came out and took our drinks off hte tab, btu that didn't help very much bc we'd only been able to order one round in an hour of waiting bc the waitress had only come to our table twice.  Then when they brought my dad's steak out, the waitress dropped it (I felt bad for her), and apparently that was their last steak.  I just paid the bill and we left and went to Eat n Park.The second time I came back the service was equally as terrible, but also it was late summer and our table was literally attacked by wasps.  Seriously, attacked by wasps.  My friend got stung.Another time I'd made a reservation for my friends 30th bday and they said htey didn't do reservations but could put tables together.  When we showed up, it was like I'd never called.The last time I was there it was ok, but after being attacked by wasps my friend and I opted for the patio and only ordered burgers.The service here SUCKS.  Getting attacked by bees and then having to wait for your server to bring you ice sucks (holding a cold beer bottle against the sting helps).  It just sucks here.But the atmosphere is fantastic!  When your waitress comes ot hte table, just order a whole bunch of bottled beers nad you should be ok.
This used to be my FAVORITE place to eat.  Today that sadly ended. First, they might be under new owners as the menu changed and the taste was a little different.  But, the worst thing that happened when I went today was that a saw a HUGE roach. The chef came out 2-3 times to try to kill it. he also used the word again, making me think this wasn't a new problem.  And, the worst part was that he asked the customer who pointed it out if she was scared of it. Um, I am scared that it has likely run around my food and nested in the ingera before you gave it to me.  So gross that you don't see to care!!!
Was not impressed. Don't come here if you are trying to watch a game. Came to watch a playoff game and couldnt even see a tv. The Gila monster was disgusting. Didn't even taste like anything. Not worth the $9. Also the pretzel platter was nothing special.
We like Longhorn, but not this location.  The service here is mediocre at best.  Tonight it took 10 minutes to order drinkes at the bar, 10 more minutes to get them and 10 minutes when we had to pay to go to our table.  When we go to the table, it was not ready for us to sit and we had to wait until cleanup was finished. When we eventually got the appetizer the bread, there were no plates around.  10 more minutes to get plates.When the food finally arrived, there was only a passing similarity between the menu pictures and what we received. My Caesar salad was sour and otherwise bland.Worst experience in a long time.
Don't be afraid to ask questions.  The guy waiting on us was probably very knowledgeable but not very forthcoming with information.  I should have asked more questions and in some respects feel like I was taken advantage of.  I went there because of their big ad in the paper but I would never go back.  Again, ask questions and don't feel intimidated.  I took a gold necklace somewhere else and got more for it than they quoted.
Tried takeout yesterday. One of the worst Indian meals we have had in a long time.- Lamb Kabobs - undercooked and falling apart. They may have run out of time or maybe they had too many takeout orders. No excuse. A big F for this.- Chicken Makhni - C minus. tasted bland for what is supposed to be a very flavorful dish. Very small portion. - Saag Paneer - C+ The paneer tasted rubbery. Good flavor though.One can understand, this is Charlotte and thus not a Indian food destination. But the miss on simple Kabobs clearly show a careless staff. Charlotte deserves better.In my opinion, a waste of money.
First service is bad the server was rude so crowdedSalad is not tasteful food is not authentic afghan if you tasted real afghan foodPrice OK but they add 18% gratuity tip but I swallowed bc my in laws where with me, I don't think I will go again
Service: HORRIBLE. We had a reservation and they made us wait for 25 min. They did not have the courtesy of apologizing for making us wait. Trust me it was not a pleasure waiting with two kids. The owner was not at all friendly. Food: Good. But you will have to pay me to go back there. Never stepping in there again.
They did not make a great first impression and I don't think I will be back.  I took some friends to try Indian food for the first time. The service was not good at all. We had to go to the kitchen to get service for our drink orders. My friends enjoyed the food although I have had better.  But the naan was good.
Guy's Jumbot Plate O'Crap - Made a special trip in with my son this morning to enjoy the food at the Dor-Stop.We both made the same order Guy's Jumbot. When the order arrived mine was over cooked , the egg portion resembled the dry pressed paper used in the egg carton. My serving was served without cheese. My son's was fine. When I went to pay and said something I got a vacant stare and I am so sorry. I ended up with a take out for my dog to eat. teh toast was perfect though. I started makeing this hour long trek with family members about a year ago. We would come out about every 4-6 weeks. The last two trips the quality has started to slip a little...but never to this extent that it really mattered.Save yourself the effort ....This is not a Diner, this is not a drive-in...this does not even rank high enough to be a Dive. Denny's would be a better choice.
Oh my ...dont like the food here. Tried the Pad thai and the chicken fried rice ...the pad thai was disgusting and the fried rice was not enticing either ...wont be going back ...ugh
Stopped in to purchase another bike. I was asked can I help you I replied That I am looking for another bike he repeated can I help you...... once again I replied that I am looking for another bike he never came out from behind the counter nor ask for someone else to help me. So a few minutes gone by I was hanging out near the counter next to the front door waiting for help next thing he said was Have A Nice day so I left
Mediocre tapas. Also, the inside of the restaurant was uncomfortably hot on a scorching day and when I complained to the waitress, she told me that's how they keep it.We ended up eating outside. Servive was slow. A potato dish with no fish tasted fishy.It seems that Las Vegas still only has one tapas place -- Firefly.
Getting seated wasn't difficult but after that the experience fell apart. We ordered  cocktails and water. The cocktails came in a timely manner but we only received one water. My husband ordered the shrimp and grits and I ordered the grilled scallops with butternut squash. The temperature of both dishes was cool. Almost room temperature. My husbands shrimp and grits were colder than my squash. The service was not professional. Being rushed to get the credit card out after receiving the bill.
For a brewery who is attempting to take advantage of Oktoberfest you wonder how at 7 pm they could be out of mashed potatoes & sauerkraut then a sausage platter with sweet mustard guess they have not been to Germany. Not worth $5.95 unfortunately the sausage platter was $15.95.
While I LOVE Mad Mex, this one is to be avoided.  For whatever reason, they always seem to manage to mess up orders and on a couple of occassions, I've just not felt well after eating there.  Because it's a BB, I just keep thinking I had to be wrong about that.  But after waking up in the middle of the night with all sorts of unpleasant stomach issues, I've had to write this location off.  Go to Robinson instead... (Or BB, please, please get a new KM for this location!)
Absolutely horrific experience! If you want to live GO SOME WHERE ELSE!   I bought 2 groupons in the beginning of the year to get open water certified w scuba magic.  From the beginning it was  rushed. Class room time was a power point of highlighted features and Nothing was discussed in detail and lots of sections were skipped.  He does not even have a  pool. He rents pool time from Legions.  Our pool training was scheduled in Feb....very cold time of the year.  The rented pools heater was broken but rather than postponing the 8 hour class he decided to make everyone suffer in 63 degree water. wetsuit or not we were all freezing.  After being in the pool for over 3 hours i experienced vertigo and almost blacked out under water.  He laughed it off and made jokes about it in front of the entire class. Very Unprofessional. i became extremely dizzy and nauseated and decided for my own safety to not continue w the class. Later that evening 2 doctors, one being a DAN doctor stated that Gary, owner of Scuba Magic put everyone in danger by exposing them to such cold temperatures for such a prolonged amount of time. His complete disregard for our safety made us continue with our course and become fully certified with another reputable scuba shop.  They even had their own indoor heated pool. Pay a little extra and get properly trained. DONT RISK YOUR LIFE W SCUBA MAGIC!! You only live once.
We got take out like we normally do and the manager rudely said everything was in the bag. Come to find out when we got home it wasn't. When we called he was even more rude and said he was still right. Well you weren't.
We mistakenly chose to host an 65th wedding anniversary family celebration at Vincent's.   At the end of the meal, as we were trying to collect our uneaten desserts, Vincent became enraged by the delay to his waiters' ability to clear the table.  (We later surmised that the threat of overtime pay prompted this entirely inappropriate, frightening response.)  The alternative and civil approach would have been to help the guests while simultaneously clearing.  The honorees, ages 87 and 88, had been loyal and frequent customers for over 30 years.  They were deeply shaken and frightened by Vincent's threatening loss of self control (which escalated to threats and his grabbing of my 87 year old mother's arm).  No member of my family will ever step foot near this establishment again.   Unfortunately, Vincent's inappropriate behavior trumped any value associated with food.
I usually love Aladdin's but today it was unbelievably awful. I will go back again and hope things have changed. For starters they charged me twice for tea (4.50) bc they gave me a second tea bag. Had I known that it would cost me an additional 2.25 for a single bag of cheap tea I would not have ordered it. The least the waitress could have done is have told me that my "free refill" was not, in fact, free. Also, the tuna in the grilled tuna salad was disgustingly fishy and overcooked. I usually order something different (the mishwi or lamb salad) so I am unsure if this is how it usually is but also the fact that no one seemed willing to fix the issue makes it far worse. I told the waitress that she should have told me about the extra charges and her answer was that I was correct about her having to tell me but that she didn't and basically that sucks for me. No answer on the fish. I have been a long time customer and am sorely irritated that I was treated this way.
Not very impressed for a Resort. The room was okay, bed was very worn and lumpy, not worth the upgrade. The pool was nothing special, and very slow service if you even got any. I was very disappointed in the spa as I could hear other guests talking during my whole service, toilet flushing, just unpleasant atmosphere. Plus the spa is very small. I will not be returning, that's for sure. Front desk employee didn't care much about my complaints.
AWFUL!!!  I was so excited today to go to Genghis Grill because I love DIY stirfry places; especially YC's!!!  I was so disapointed and disgusted by this place.  Reasons why this place did me wrong:- The try to make it too full-service restuaranty; not quick service like I want for my short lunch break-Thick, syrupy sauces full of sugar and carbs and fat as my ONLY choice for sauces. YUCK.  When I eat at a mongolian stirfry place I want something fresh and healthy.  NEWS FLASH to people who think they are eating healthy here: You just killed it with the sauces!-Very busy and very slow to get your food-Small bowls, nothing to use to compress your food to add more-Also I saw someone mention how "Genghis Grill doesn't make you pay for your to-go boxes like yc's"  I had to pay 9.99 for mine to-go.  $1 more than the normal price for staying there to eat.Positive:-fresher meat and more variety of proteinsI will NEVER go back
I love thrift stores but I'll take my chances elsewhere from this Goodwill location. It is very stereotypical of what you would think a thrift store is:  filthy, cluttered, disorganized, musty smelling, pure junk clothing, and men who will stare you down while you shop. Good luck trying to find any decent furniture, even some that you don't mind re-finishing! There was not even a couple of nice basic pieces that I could take home and work with. I understand that some people might not have an option, but if you have a car with gas in it go somewhere else. The prices are pretty much the same as a nicer Savers or the like.
This was probably one of the worst mistakes I've ever undertaken, and I'm including that apartment in the ghetto I signed a lease for because it was "quaint" and multiple men I really shouldn't have given as much of a chance as I did.Boyfriend and I thought we'd relive our childhood involving Pancho's from when we lived in North Phoenix and went to the one by Metrocenter. I had a birthday party at that one, and my party went to see Buffy the Vampire Slayer before eating (I'm talkin' Kristy Swanson here... yeah, totally super sweet). We both recalled fond memories of raising the little Mexican flag to get sopapillas.Walking in, and seeing that margaritas are not served as they should be, it was the ultimate in regret. me: "Let's just go to Arriba. They don't have margs here, and that's really the only reason I wanted Mexican."man: "Oh, come on. Where's your sense of adventure I think I'll have a beer. (seeing look of disappointment on my face) Ohhhhkay, do you want to go to Arribame: (downtrodden) No, I guess we'll stay here.We exit the line, $20 lighter, and find a seat. This place is filthy. The server, who calls me "mija" at least 18 times, I find delightful for the first time she says it. Then I hear her saying it to all of the other females at her tables. Cheating bitch. The extensive salsa line looks awesome, and I perk up a little, like, maybe this won't be so bad.WRONG. WRONG. WRONG.It WAS bad. Everything was bad. The half naked children screaming, the white people everywhere thinking this is the bees knees of Mexican cuisine... it all adds up to probably the worst dining experience I have ever had. We promptly went to Arriba and drank a marg very quickly to forget about the pain.
Bad attitudes from the workers, the food is not that great to put up with the mood of this place. This isn't like the soup Nazi from Seinfeld. Sometimes the place is open and sometimes it is not which makes for crappy business.
This review is specifically for the DFS cleaners at this Giant Eagle location.  I dropped clothing off for the sake of convenience once (I really should have known better).  Never again.  My items came back completely covered in lint.  I could let this slide, however my pencil skirt was safety pinned to the hanger.  The weight of the skirt caused even larger holes than what were placed there by the pins.  Being that it's a pencil skirt designed to have a blouse tucked in, there's no way that I can wear it again.  This was an expensive skirt, completely ruined.  Very disappointed.  Again, this review is just for the dry cleaners.  The rest of the store is actually better than a lot of other GE's I've been to in Pittsburgh.  Just don't take your dry cleaning here.
Wait 20 mins for an elliptical. The weights are limited and they don't have a lot of machines. Oversold memberships. I just closed my over priced membership and joined fitness connection where everything is new and only 10 bucks a month. The Y is overrated.
I've taken hot yoga from many studios in Phoenix, and this is by far the WORSE.I'm pretty sure the instructor Dawn has A.D.D. She couldn't seem to focus on the class. The class was in shambles. Everyone of doing different positions, it was ridiculously unorganized. Dawn would start counting down a pose, then forget about the class and start doing her own moves in the mirror, then remember about us and start counting down again at a totally different number.She'd put us in a pose, then start random chatting with people, and totally forget about us. It was a total waste of time. Speaking of time....the class is scheduled for 1hr25min. I think the class is soo long to schedule in Dawn's day dreaming. The class started almost 10 minutes late, and went WAY OVER 1hr25mins. I was ready to scream! Thank god I only went there on a $20 coupon. I'm never going back.
You may consider me an expert. I can kill a person for a bowl of good borsht. I know that there are numerous variations of the recipe. The most disgusting version I had at Forte. Please never order it there. The person who prepared it should go straight to culinary hell. Borsht is not a bowl of roughly chopped crunchy vegetables lacking any taste or  flavour including salt. My second choice was Hungarian Goulash. Although I am not an expert on this I am capable to figure out that this dish should be not what I got: old starchy mashed potatoes covered with the sauce way too spicy for a goulash (think Indian or Thai level) with 5 tiny pieces of meat. I guess the waitress may have known that she is serving food not suitable for human consumption and therefore has never asked how was it. I am glad I didn't invite my friends to experience Easter European food at this place. I would be really embarrassed.
Absolutely horrible experience. I would give half a star if possible. It is overpriced for the size and style of arena. It is understaffed and unprofessional. I dropped my gun off to get work done and before I left to go to Tempe paintball to pick it up I notified the one employee on staff that I would be coming. When I got there I arrived to a locked door and after calling 17 times, knocking on the door for nearly 15 minutes and standing outside for nearly 20 minutes and leaving 2 voicemails I finally got my gun back. I will never return to Tempe Paintball nor will I ever refer a friend or enemy there... That would just be cruel. If your looking for a good place to go go to Westworld Indoor Paintball. It's a little bit of a drive but WAY more worth your money.
Fuck this restsurant what a fucking rude waitress not coming back hre u say tgank you u cant even get a respnse they can ubderstand english though ....
Not a great experience and an expensive disappointment !!!!The meat was mediocre at best and mostly cold by the time it got to our table on the rare occasion it did get to our table.the servers with the meat only give you a couple of bites worth then do not come back for another 10-15 minutes later.Some of the meat items came only once and never again. The flank steak (very tough) was the one coming back the most (3 times).We had to ask and wait for some of the items on the salad bar.there was no background music at all; the experience was very lousy.In summary, if you have very low expectations you may like this place, although for the money $35person I consider this to be an expensive disappointment !!!I will not go back and I will make sure to till my friends to go somewhere else...
Wow. I forgot I ate here for a friend's birthday party once because Flat Top was busy - its that memorable. The bartender didn't know how to make certain standard drinks and they didn't have a drink menu. The wait staff was ok. When you walked up to pick your items for stir-fry, it felt like you were picking things from a trough. The cooks looked miserable - the way it was set up reminded me of a pirate movie where they are chained to a circular pole and had to walk around in circles, and the floor was disgusting and they had to push all the water off the floor to the drain - yucko. The saucecondiment area at the end of the line was a bit confusing. Overall, the food didn't taste like anything. It was pretty tasteless - usually tofu picks up something from the sauce, but not here. I would have been better off just grabbing a bowl of uncooked tofu and seasoning it with the soy sauce. The table next to us were a bunch of chicks and one of them even pulled down her pants to show off her thong. Terrible dinner and a worse free show I love (not - its sad really because this place is soooo far from Asian food - it's like the Taco Bell of stir-fry) that they have the stereotypical Asian guy with a Fu Manchu beard as their mascot.
NOT A FAN- FOOD WAS NOTHING TO WRITE HOME ABOUT. you are better off making ramen at home and saving money..  the happy hour is they thing that made us stay and eat but even so, never again.
I live very close so I decided to have a light dinner and drinks before the salsa crowd was wheeled in.  I noprmally google a menu before my visit to have an idea of the cuisine.  I sat at the bar and ordered wine.  (stemless glasses, huge turn off, but there are trendsetters, and everyone else).  The actual menu was the menu online chopped in half. (There were only about 6 items on the actual menu).  I chose the shrimp skewers.  I was literally the only person at the bar outside the staff, that consisted of 5 20somethings eating humus and crackers and a 40something with a cheap french press dolling out samples to the others.  I was served the spicy shrimp and offered no water, or receptacle for said shrimp's tails.  Bad service!  I was LITERALLY THE ONLY PERSON at the bar.  My wine glass remained empty for at least 10 minutes before my server found a loll in her humus eating gabfest to see if the one customer may need something.  After I finished the second glass, I managed to flag down one of the all black outfitted staff who was still eating something with her finger as she went back behind the bar to ask for a check.  I've been to BOSSA NOVA many time before, and I understand the short service when a the bar is beyond capacity, but again, I was the only person at the bar.  There were some people seated at tables, but the bar, just me.  So if you are looking for wannabe pretensious night club full of party goers that can't remember what going out looks like, than you've found it.  If you want, good food, good music, and a fun atmosphere, then run over the valet at bossa nova on your way to anywhere else!
The appearance and cleanliness of this place is really nice, however there isn't hardly any variety what so ever for there buffet. There is one table of food and that's it and most of there food was cold and tasted exactly like those canned foods that you buy at the grocery store. Price is outrages for what they offer as I went to golden corral with my spouse, and spent the same amount, exact same and got a ton and I mean a ton of options, and best of all there food tastes great! Sadly I do not and would not recommend this place to anyone. If you are looking for a buffet try golden corral or the mandarin, but don't be lured in by the appearance of this Indian place as you will leave disappointed.
What awful customer service!!! I have never seen such a poor and untrained hosthostess as I witnessed today. The absolute worst. The blue haired host should be fired immediately! Letting people take up tables for 3 hours is an absolute joke. It's basic restaurant customer service 101....turn the tables as quickly as possible. If people are lingering ask them to head to the bar. Even offer to buy them a drink! But never have people waiting over 2 12 hours for a table for pub food....EVER! We are regular patrons but today was pathetic. The host was clueless and the bar was understaffed, all on a Sunday morning to say the least. What a poor excuse to say you can't ask people to give up their table....are you kidding!! They are basically just sitting there for free and you are losing revenue all because a host and wait staff don't understand how a restaurant should operate. We all love to come and watch the games on Saturday and Sunday mornings but it should be stated when seated that there is a 90 minute time limit per table and it should be ENFORCED. People will understand. Let them finish watching the matches at the bar and TURN THE TABLE! PERIOD! Again the blue haired host needs to be fired for his lack of ability and lack of customer service skills! This may be the last time we ever go to Piper's....how sad!!
The only reason I am giving this 1-Star rating is because they use STYROFOAM To-Go containers!!!  Ugh...really.  We love the food there at Fresh Mint but we won't be back until they buy a more eco-friendly To-Go container.  They can raise their menu prices 10 cents an item to cover the cost.  I doubt their customers would even notice.  I sure hope the owner reads this.  The owners are from Hawaii and I expect more from them in the way of sustainability.  EcoWare.com is just one of many environmentally friendly container companies.  I hope the owners take my advise and GO GREEN!Please echo my feelings the next time you visit Fresh Mint.  And, while you're at it...tell them not to serve water without the customer asking for it.  This isn't Hawaii, it's the desert.  Thank you for listening...:)
Food is excellent-- 4 stars.  Service was terrible--0 stars.  Timing between all of us getting out main dishes was 15-20 (i.e. none of our main dishes came at the same time).  BTW, the name of this place is not great and from a marketing perspective, does not make sense.
Loved the food here before but was so disappointed yesterday when I went in for the dinner buffet and they said they don't have it. It is still on their website. I drove all the way from queen creek for it :-( please update your website.
My mom drove me all the way over there yesterday and it wasn't there.  We should have checked Yelp first.  I looked on their website and it looks like there aren't any in Arizona anymore. My mom was very disappointed.
I have been to Florida Cafe numerous times during the past 8 years because I live with Cubans and I LOVE Cuban food, and this last time will hopefully be my LAST time.  It was never better than ok, and now it is ridiculous. The decor is nice, the wait staff is nice.  However, the food is terribly expensive and it isn't very good.  The rice and beans are mediocre, and the ropa vieja is uninspired.  The piss poor service is what sent me over the edge this time.  Saturday afternoon, several employees roaming around, but none with the title, seemingly, of waiterwaitress.  Seriously  Is it that difficult to get drink service  What about a refill  Can I have one of those  Could someone check to make sure that everyone received what they ordered and that it was satisfactory  Apparently not. Picadillo  Ick.  Papas rellenos  Ick....were those INSTANT potatoes  They DID make damn sure to send someone over to take a photo of my group and then hit us up for a $20.00 photo.  Um...No.  Thank you, no mas.  If you are familiar with Porto's in L.A....this isn't even close.  There is a reason that there is always a line there, and never one here.  For authentic food, try Rincon Criollo down the street.  Indifferent service, sketchy location, horrible decor, but AWESOME food.
The food here taste really spoiled and rushed. I can say they are a lot tidier than DJ but the food is horrific. You expect customers to eat here please make sure everything is fresh and quality.
Not satisfied at all with this service! I got a flyer in the mail about a membership, didn't pay it any attention. Since I was planning a trip to Disneyland with my husband and 4 year old son I thought I would see if they offered discounts on tickets. I called the local office and spoke to Keith. He didn't know if they did, so he put me hold to find out. He then came back on the line and said that if I bought the tickets at their office I would get a free parking pass. So, I bought a membership because I saw they other perks. I went on their website and saw that they offered a coupon book at the Galleria Mall. I went to the galleria mall and inquired about the coupon book at the customer service desk they informed me that they no longer do that. I was very dissatisfied with that. I then went the other day to buy the Disneyland tickets at the office, and was told that they only sold 2, 3 or four day passes. I was not told that by Keith when I talked to him on the phone that got me very frustrated. I then called to talk to a supervisor, the supervisor pretty much blamed me for the mistake I said I should've asked if they were two, three or four day passes. I told her that was not the appropriate way to handle the situation and that she was making excuses for her representatives. We argued for a few minutes on the phone. She then said she would check to see if there were any discounts available at Disneyland for one day tickets. And that she would call me back. It has been three days and I have not heard back from her. It seems to me as if they don't care and all they wanted to do was make a sale,and already twice I have been dissatisfied with perks that was supposed to be available with this membership. The only perk I am using at this point is a discount on the room for Disneyland trip.  But at this point the customer service does not even deserve one star!
the WORST MEAL EVER! btw, i wrote a much more detailed review, which mysteriously disappeared.my boyfriend got food poisoning here. it ruined out trip. the food was overpriced and a JOKE. like a chain restaurant, straight out of a can. the mushroom tart was literally canned mushrooms in that sauce that comes in a can dumped over a reheated frozen triangle of pillsbury puff pastry.perhaps the owners should get out of vegas and travel to spain or at least a few spanish restaurants before claiming to serve tapas food.STAY AWAY!!!
Facility is dirty, staff is unfriendly, location is hard to find.  Try Body Heat Yoga in Silverado instead.  Much cleaner facility.  I bought a groupon for Vegas hot to try, tried once and I will be returning to Body heat instead
Overall was very disappointedthe good:service is good, waiter and servers were friendly and prompt with food. the bad:the meat was overcooked mostlydecor needs updatingkind of pricey for the quality (Spent $100 with tip for two drinks, two meals, bottled water)only one guy brings around the meat....seemed awfully rushed
Hands-down the most vile customer service I have ever witnessed. I accompanied a friend into this establishment. He wanted to buy some wheels. He was, instead, promptly encouraged to buy a new bicycle. The salesperson then listed a number of incorrect reasons why a new bicycle would cost less than a wheelset. When my friend politely turned-down the suggestion, the salesperson then encouraged him to buy a bargain wheelset that he described as "pretty good." He was, however, unable to  tell us anything notable about the features of the wheel without googling it. It was a very poorly-made wheelset. I have worked in bike shops. I have managed bike shops. I know that contrary to what salesman may say, "unsealed" bearings have no practical advantages over "sealed" bearings (which I would like to point out are nonspecific terms). As much as I try to support local small businesses, I would rather buy a bicycle at Wal Mart than give one cent to these clowns.
The service was actually pretty good, and the atmosphere was pretty sweet as well. The food, however, was sub-par. I got a cheese-steak with the works and it was pretty blah. The steak was dried out and there really was not much flavor to it. I asked for hot sauce, and that was actually pretty good. The buffalo fries were also just okay. I expected more from a place that is supposed to specialize in cheese-steaks.
Horrible.  I ordered the Teriyaki Chicken with macaroni salad.Rice - overcookedTeriyaki Chicken - coldMacaroni Salad - dry and flavorlessI can forgive cold chicken and overcooked rice, but messing up macaroni salad is a big no-no for a Hawaiian BBQ place.
I was walking my small granddaughter (not yet two) and when I passed I decided to go in to pick up some shrimp for my son.  I waited quite a bit of time in line for the shrimp, then again to check out.  When I checked out the woman at the register told me that they did not accept cards for purchases under $5 and since I had no money with me I told her I couldn't get the shrimp.  THERE IS NO SIGN ON THE DOOR STATING THIS OR I WOULD NOT HAVE WASTED MY TIME OR MY GRANDCHILD'S IMPATIENCE GETTING THE PRODUCT.  PUT A SIGN ON THE DOOR SO PEOPLE CAN EITHER PASS BY YOUR STORE OR GO TO THE BANK ATM PRIOR TO ENTERING.  I will not be back (the woman was rude).  I have been there before, making much larger purchases, but never have been aware of the restriction.  PUT A SIGN ON YOUR DOOR WHEN THERE ARE STORE CONDITIONS I LOOKED FOR ONE ON ENTERING.  Restrictions are understandable, just not when you fail to publish them and I waste my time.
I've eaten as this restaurant several times during the past year.  The food is usually pretty good, maybe 3 out of 5 stars on average.  Today I used a restaurant.com voucher.  $25 towards $40 worth of food, however, read on for the unethical practices the owner of this restaurant put in place when attempting to use this voucher...  The restaurant.com voucher is a joke.  The restaurant automatically includes 18% gratuity on top of the bill.  This establishment is strictly counter-service, who is the tip for  Also, specials are not allowed as part of the voucher redemption and most of what my party wanted was "considered" a special.  I felt penalized for trying to use the voucher.  I will never recommend this establishment for their unethical practices and because they made me feel like a piece of trash.  The fact that you have to spend $40 on a $25 voucher is one thing, but to not allow specials and factor in an unethical gratuity of 18% at a restaurant with no servers and strictly counter service shows that this owner has ZERO dignity as a small business owner and he should think twice before trying to lure patrons into an establishment that only allows "one" serving of it's special sauce per order!  A joke by any standard and when you refuse to cater to your customers, you deserve NOT to be in business.  Nothing but a HORRIBLE review for this jerk owner!!!
I found All Wet Scuba when I was given the Groupon for their Scuba Certification Class. I have mixed feelings about the certification course. It was relatively easy to complete the course, however, there were several things during the course that left me feeling like I could have chosen better. Those incidents included being sent to the lake with less than properly filled tanks, one of the Tanks was filled to only 1200 psi, which led me to believe that they gave me a depleted tanks. When I reported this to the Owner of the shop, Brett, his response was along the lines of "Oh well, what do you want me to do about it" Another incident was, after sizing the wetsuit and reserving wetsuit and BCD, the bundle bundle of equipment that they set aside for me to take to the lake [over an hour away] was the wrong size. If not for an earlier class leaving and letting me borrow the properly sized gear, I would have spent the time and gas for nothing.  After completing my Open Water Certification and then Advanced, I voiced my desire for gear and that I did not want expensive gear to start [the courses had cost me 900.00 at this point]. I was offered used equipment that is used in their rental fleet for a whopping $10.00 the new price for gear that had been used hundreds of times. I hope my poor experience serves as a warning to you as to the business practices of the owner, who is half the time not completely sober; also very scary to find in a shop where the gear he passes you could cost you your life or very least your safety! There are many other scuba shops around, I will not point you to one of them, only away from this one!
please tear this place down.
I don't understand how people can like this place.  Maybe I'm spoiled from growing up with fresh Indian food daily but this is the worst Indian food I've eaten in the valley.  NOTHING was fresh.  Everything tastes like it came thawed out of the freezer.  The samosas were so old and stale the green peas were a strange brownish green color and the minced lamb was dry as sand.  The lamb dish we ordered was so over cooked it felt like beef jerky chewing it.  And to top it off the chutneys looked and tasted like they came out of a jar from the grocery store.  If you truly like this food do yourself a favor and try ANYTHING else and you'll realize how subpar it is.
Okay, we gave this place three chances, and each time the service got worse.each time took over an hour for our order (and they weren't busy any of the times). The last time we were there, after ordering the seafood pancake, 25 minutes later they tell us that the health inspector is there and they can't make it for us because they shut down a part of their kitchen. You want good Korean food Don't go here.
Ive been here multiple times and love their food. Living in california i come here at least once a month. Any foodie knows there is more to a restaurant experience than a great product. An amazing restaurant has three basics covered:1) customer service 2) great food offerings 3) an overall great experience. This place lacks customer service which kills the experience. I stood there on a packed Tuesday and saw 3-5 different employees walk by with no acknowledgement that I existed. No eye contact, no greeting, no words at all! After 10 mins and a line out the door I left irritated and ticked. I sympathize with the youth movement and the college atmosphere this place has, however customer service needs to be emphasized to the men and women working the floor. They are the face of your store and if this trend continues, eventually customers will get fed up and go elsewhere. If I am an owner I would be pissed if this negative behavior was going on in my business. The business acumen is very important and should be a learning tool to teach the college kids the important lessons which can be applied to all different job titles. The staff I saw working tonight looked lazy and tired. Maybe due to the high temperature of the restaurant however with poor customer service and lack of a face in the entrance greeting me with a smile and a friendly greeting, it leaves me feeling like you don't want my money and you don't care enough about your customers standing around. Eventually the attitude of we have a superior product that ppl pay for and they not have to worry about customer service will come back to bite them in the butt.Areas for improvementThe waiters should be focused on turning tables and getting the checks as soon as the dessert is finished as opposed to walking around with their heads cut off. More tables being turned equates to more tips. I saw 4-6 tables sitting talking on their phone when they could have been served their checks or ordered more food. My avg time from start to finish was between 90-120 mins! You cut my time in the restaurant to 60 mins with efficient service and food running from the kitchen this place could double its profits and increase tips. They need someone to work the front and greet the customers and let them know they are wanted, appreciated and they want to provide me with a great meal! Drinks out in under 5 mins from order (I waited 20 mins and she forgot about my 2nd beer later in the evening and I had to remind her so 30 mins for a pint of beer...total wait time for 2 drinks: 50 minsNotification on food times (depends on who is working) Challenge your servers to turn tables faster Servers need to be smiling and social
Had the Korean Lettuce Wraps and an Asian Chicken Salad on 0602. The lettuce wraps were good but the Asian Chicken Salad had a long hair in it. I sent it back and another salad was given to me without dressing. I thought I was imagining things so I had my friend taste it. He agreed there was no dressing. I got a refund and went to Paradise Bakery down the street. I really like Pei Wei but I will never go back to this location. It seems like they just don't care.
Another bad experience two times in a row. There must be a shortage of waitstaff in Charlotte because these people shouldn't even be working at Walmart. Both times we went for lunch and took an hour and a half. They served soup which took almost 40 minutes to get egg drop and it look like low tide in Louisiana. Big chunks of gray and black eggs floating in my egg drop soup, waitress looking at me like I was crazy. The manager came over to serve our food and asked how is everything I mention I was going to write a bad Yelp review and he said well thank you and walked away. This place used to have a long wait and now there's nobody ever there, now I understand why. Portions are small, service is bad and probably better off going to McDonald's.
Hadn't been here for a while and decided to get some food to go.  Fish and chips was good.  Wings tasted like they had been cooked in old oil and the French Dip was horrible - the meat was as tough as shoe leather!  Will NOT eat here again!!
Ok since i have rate them with some form. I didn't even want to give them a star. But here you go.  We went there for my birthday last night.   There were 11 of us.   The server came over got our drink orders and introduced himself.  I couldn't hear what his name was so I asked him again. But he turned and walk off before I can finish asking.  So he comes back with our drinks and walks off. When he came back i asked if he can explain the menu for us since it was the first there for most of us. He the whole time telling us about the menu he just annoyed and irritated.   The menu without drinks is $45person and with drinks is $80person.  I asked if two people can do without drinks menu due health.  One of my friend is pregnant and the other just had a surgery and is on antibiotics.  He responded "NO".  And he walks off... again.  Mind you the place had only one other party beside us. He then comes back with our drinks. I had ordered the lemon and mango martini and it came with a strain of hair.  I tried telling him about it but just ignore me or didn't hear me and walks away.  What it came down to was the experience there was horrible for a wonderful occasion that we had planned a month ago trying to get people together.  But luckily the night wasn't ruin we all decided to leave and walked over to SATAY ASIAN BAR & BISTRO.  Thank goodness for their excellent service they made my birthday fun with laughters. Thank you SATAY ASIAN BAR & BISTRO.  As for Marrakech, I would never recommend this place.  And just let me remind you that my friends and I are servers and bartenders.  So we deal with tourists day in day out.  And once again I (we) would NOT recommend this place to anyone.  Thanks for reading.
The decision of Carrie's owner, to encourage the painting of degrading racial caricatures of African-Americans on her store walls this past week has only reaffirmed my feeling that this place is both unwelcoming and attempts to dialog are in bad faith.  While the protests did surrounding the mural did lead to the owner ordering it repainted, I am still deeply hurt and upset that such imagery was even considered allowable, particularly when combined with the store's willingness to sell racist memorabilia, like the Mammy Doll.I am greatly angered by and disappointed in this place.
I have gone to this place twice, and both times, I was less than satisfied. The first time, I ordered a philly cheese steak, and it was very sloppy and soggy - literally, the kaiser roll was soggy and soft (eww!) - if you could move past the soggy roll, the sandwich itself was just average. I decided to go again, against my better judgement, and this time I ordered a hot sausage with jalapeno pepper fries. Once again, the kaiser roll was soggy, the marina sauce was mediocre - as was the sausage - it was just not good. The fries, oh my god, it was literally a brown bag filled w regular (salty) fries with 2 containers. Inside one container was regular cheese, and in another container, was miniature green peppers. I. Kid. You. Not. This will be the LAST time I ever visit this place. I don't know how this place has gotten such high marks because the food over priced and is not good at all. Overall, my hot sausage sandwich and "jalapeno pepper fries" were $14 all together. A complete waste of money.
Some of the most incompetent and irritating people i've ever met. I have had to drive back to the store 5 times in the last week because of things they forgot to give me or tell me while I was there the previous time. They did not tell me anything about what the pool dive would entail or how it would be 8 hours so I showed up with out a lunch. They also didn't tell me that I needed to set up the gear 5 times before the pool dive while I was there picking up my gear at the store so they called and told me I had to come back and set it up. I couldn't make it back for the 4th time before my pool dive so I went anyways to the dive the next day. I showed up at the pool, no one was there. When the instructor did arrive she said she received a call saying that I wouldn't be coming since I didn't pick up my gear. Are you kidding me She let me spend 8 hours in the smallest pool with 10 other people but made be put together and take apart the gear 5 times before she would sign my log book. It was a long day. So the next day I headed back to ALL WET SCUBA to return my gear, they give me no help unloading the heavy tanks, BCD, and weights. She forgot to sign my diver's log the first time for the online portion so I handed it to her and she said she couldn't sign it because she wasn't my dive instructor. I said "I know, you never signed off on the learning portion." She laughed as in wasting my time coming back and forth so many times was hilarious. With my log book signed and gear returned I breathed a sigh of relief that I was done dealing with them and never had to come back. But this morning I wake up to a text that I have to return back to the shop YET AGAIN to pick up a referral. I wanted to say,"is this something I could have picked up yesterday!" I wasn't planning on writing a review but this was one of the most frustrating experiences I've had to deal with. I would recommend finding a different dive shop 100%
This place seriously used to be amazing. I haven't been back here in about 5 years or so, and thought id give it a shot since I didn't want to drive all the way to Khourys. (I'll never be lazy again I swear!) I ordered a chicken dish that was the worst tasting meal of my life. Not one thing tasted good. The chicken was rubbery and so seasoned to the point of being repulsive. Flavorless rice and bland soup. Clearly under new ownership and no continuity. I wish I would have checked the reviews before. $20 later for just lunch for myself ( no alcohol) and I have major food regret. I'm sorry for the harsh review.
Let me start off by saying I have mostly simple tastes, and my favorite lunch spot for Chinese has been the New Dumpling House in Squirrel Hill. But since that restaurant is undergoing renovations, I was forced to try something new.So... I thought I'd try the chain PF Chang's Chinese Restaurant at the Waterfront. Wow, what an unsatisfying mistake that turned out to be.I started with a cup of their Wonton soup. At $2.95 it wasn't too outrageous of a price, the broth had some flavor and there was much more in it than I was used to, including three giant basil (I think) leafs that covered everything beneath. In the broth were chunks of chicken, two shrimp, some sliced water chestnuts and two "pork"-filled wontons. As I said, the broth had decent flavor, but the wontons were thick, doughy and under-cooked, and the chicken chunks were dry, which is amazing since they were drowned in broth! On a scale of bad to good, it was kind of meh.Next came my "lunch-portion" order of Chang's Kung Pao Chicken (the dinner portion is $5 more). At the New Dumpling House, this dish is served with a delectable dark, rich, tangy sauce, which I was really hoping for... Not at PF Chang's. On my plate I received about 8 quarter-size chunks of lightly breaded and browned chicken, 7 hot Chinese red chili peppers (mostly inedible unless they are diced into a sauce), a handful of blanched, unsalted peanuts, a few sliced scallions, and a bed of the most bland brown rice I have ever encountered. Uncle Ben would've been ashamed if that stuff came out of one of his boxes.Glaringly, there was NO SAUCE!. None at all.I've had Kung Pao Chicken in New York City, San Francisco, and even from a hole in the wall in Bethel Park, PA that was much, much better. Never have I had it served in such a bland, skimpy, and overpriced way! The "lunch-portion" cost was $9.95.At The New Dumpling House, I could have a delicious lunch, with soup, entree and complimentary hot tea, and I could leave satisfied with just $8 out-of-pocket -- and that includes the tip.The service was decent. However, lesson learned. One and done. Never going back to PF Changs.
I was very surprised by all the high marks this place got.  I just recently went here with my hubs and mom.  We were very disappointed on what we got.  We went here by chance because we needed to eat, I didn't exactly know where Seafood City was, and I didn't want to drive up and down Sahara.  Coming from SD and I have many selections of different turo turo (point point) places and never really came upon a place that wasn't good.  So I didn't think much of this place on not being good.  There were ppl inside eating...First off, they make you get a tray.  The tray I got smelled like it was wiped with a wet dirty towel.  It had a disgusting sour smell and I didn't understand why they wanted ppl to eat with it.  The guy behind the counter was pretty adamant on us getting a tray.  I got the tray, but I didn't want to put my food down on it.  SO GROSS!What I got:I decided on their beef steak.  The guy asked if I wanted sabaw (okay, the sauce) on my rice, heck ya!  I just wanted one entree choice with my rice.  Why it wasn't good:First, the rice.  It seemed like old rice they reheated and put too much water on because it got too dried out.  My beef steak wasn't good at all.  The sauce of the beef steak seemed too oily and it didn't taste fresh.  It also tasted like it was cooked a long time ago and just reheated.  They just looked like they cut up fresh onion and topped with it to look like it was recently cooked. What the hubs got:He got paksiw na lechon and sinigang na HALIBUT.  Yea, thats right, they put HALIBUT in with the sinigang.  I never had and now I know why.  If you're going to make any type of FISH sinigang...fricken make it with BANGUS!  I know they had bangus because they had one all fried up in the front.    Why it wasn't good:My husband is on of those filipinos who love really sour sinigang.  When he asked the guy if it was extra sour, the guy had no hesitation to say yes.  When hubs went to try it, the sabaw (soup) was barely sour.  He also agreed to not eat sinigang with halibut, it just didn't taste right.  As for his paksiw, that also tasted like it was cooked a long time ago and just reheated.  The sauce of the paksiw was way over powering and didn't taste that good either.What mom got:She also got the sinigang and she also got afritada.  I didn't taste it because I was already disgusted with my food and my husbands.  I doubt that tasted any better. I don't know if they were lazy to cook stuff for a Saturday evening and again and just reheated old food.  I surprised that so many ppl like the food from here.  But I will definitely not come here again and will make it a point to find Seafood City, because I heard there are more places to eat around there.  Ppl from Vegas or ppl visiting vegas...don't go here...seriously....your lolamomauntielolodaduncle or YOUSELF who know who to cook will be disappointed with the food from here.  THIS IS NOT HOW FILIPINO FOOD SHOULD TASTE LIKE!
I called AAA and received new quote and policy from agent, everything seemed fine until I called him back and asked him to add on a new car that we bought. He wanted me to hang up and call a 1-800 number to add new car to policy. I ask him " I thought you were my agent" and he replies " I am but there are not really anymore insurance companies out there where the agent does all the work, I'm here to answer all of your policy questions, ,f you want to add on a new car you have to call separate number". Mind you, I emailed him and gave him the vehicle information to be added. In the end he ends up emailing me the new insurance card, turns out he can do it. What kind of service is this I miss my old retired insurance agent in Texas, this would have been unacceptable.
whenever we've gone there, there's rarely anyone to help you. The lady at the cutting table always seems overwhelmed, too.  The checkout line is long and atrocious. Last night we went in so I could look for a pattern to make my son a Christmas jacket out of velvet. None of their books had patterns for special occasions for boys, and of course there was no one to be found except a lady vacuuming who didn't look like she wanted to talk to anyone (or maybe she didn't speak English and that's why she didn't make eye contact).
I had experience Brazilian Bar B Q before in SF. And i know what to expect already from it. My buddy decided to go there on a Sunday night for dinner. What the hell, i said. Bring on the never ending meat and the mediocre salad pasta bar.Price : $19.99 for all you can eat salad bar             $38.99 for all you can meat  and salad bar             $54.99 for all you can eat meat, seafood and salad barFood : Filet mignon .yum, salty as always             Sirlion. Bland and salty             Pineapple and Ham. sweet and tasty on both             Pork. very flavorful and salty             To sum it up,, they have this little wood cylinder that is color coded on both end. Red means to stop all incoming food and Green is for all you can eat meat at the slowest pace on the planet. If you want all you can eat, than hit up the Wynn. Atleast you can eat the main course whenever you want.Service is slow and I would not recommed coming here for that steep price.No desert due to slow service. Oh by the way.. 4 people came out to be 166.98. for 10 lbs of salt in my body. Wow. I am glad I had the chance to walk it off. Like it really mattter.
I've been to Tram's several times, always hoping for a better experience, and more importantly, better food.  I eventually gave up.  The food tends to be bland, the owner brusque, and with Pho Minh just up the street, I find myself going there when I'm craving a hot bowl of pho on a cold Pittsburgh winter night.Food highlights -    None that I can really think of.  The food is cheap.Food cons -    The component that makes or breaks a bowl of pho is the broth.  It is the one thing that must be good for the soup to be enjoyable.  I've never had any hint of real flavor from the broth itself (before you add the plum sauce and the srirachia and basil and lime).  This is something that Tram's has gotten badly wrong every time I visited.
STAY AWAY!  Although the owner Paul is personable and they act like they know what they are talking about... I brought in a large job and waited a couple of weeks until I had to call them to check-on progress...they rushed my articles and framed with colors they made-up and printed my stuff on the cheapest paper! For photos Wow! Then when I demanded my remaining pieces back, they LOST one of my originals! If you value your work go somewhere else.  They treat you amazing once you walk in they do the worst work product I have experienced. I went somewhere else and received great work. The price was a little more expensive but YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY for. You have been warned!
I got food poisoning here.
Will not seat you after 930 despite sign and website that states open til 10
Arrived, party of 6 on a Wednesday night. Host would not acknowledge our presence, wasted :30 mins of our time figuring out whether we could get a table or not.Terrible service.
My wife and i came in for lunch on a Friday afternoon. There were six people in the bar. The service was very slow. It took over 15 min to get a beerI had the fish and chips. The fish came out very soggy and chips were soggy as well.  My wife had the cottage pie. This came very dry as well. There was no gravy at allOverall i dont think we will be back here any time soo
The first time I went here was with a group - we had reserved the entire restaurant for a retirement party.   I had a horrible experience.  Vowed never to go back!  At that time, I even had a terrible interaction with the owner.This time I was invited with a couple of girlfriends because they love it. Decided to try again since it was more about the "get together" than the foodlocation.This time, overpriced food and bad service.  Overall, it was not anything out of the ordinary and not worth the price.   I had the veal speciality.   Large portion, but ok.  Staff was not very attentive for the small amount of customers present.I am a Pittsburgh native.  This is a bad neighborhood. I am NOT interested in ever going back!
1. Apparently there are 2 names in play here. They call themselves 'Tasty Island Caribbean Food & Deli' here but 'Tasty Island Jamaican Food Menu' inside.2. I walked in, it's a cluttered place, divey is the word, located on the corner of a strip mall. What normally would be a deli case is filled with boxes as you enter. There was no greeting from the 3 people behind the counter and towards the back.3. I go to the table - 2 placed together - to meet my fellow 3 diners. No menu provided, no service to the table.4. Only 5 feet from the counter, I asked the person behind the counter for help. At several points, nobody was present for service of any sort.5. The cashierorder taker When asked what was their best dish and what would he recommend, he basically said he didn't know. At another point, our table mates asked about the size of the dish and he strongly suggested they order the large size. They wanted the 'SM' size - they were right, he was wrong.6. We had a lot of questions of what was what, e.g. Calaloo, Ackee, Escoveitched Fish, Roti. The responding answers were only somewhat helpful at best. Frankly, I want the person working there to have a good idea of what items are and be able to suggest items.7. When asked about the Coco bread, he stated, "It's just bread" and he pointed at the loaf. 8. We had a side order of a 'Beef Patty' which I thought resembled Cherry pie from 7-Eleven. I do not seetaste the allure of it.9. Three of us had the Jerk chicken. The menu states all meals are served with peas - not true. None was provided.9. On the good side, the dead Jerk Chicken was normal and the rice was good. The Red Stripe beer was good as well.10. When the food came out, it was all in styrofoam with plasticware. Even at divey, hole-in-the-wall places, one normally gets plates and silverware but not here.11. In the end, it took about 10 minutes to obtain the bill, apply the discount, double-check on the split of who pays what part of the bill, and then finally receiving the credit slip to sign.  12. I've read some other reviews and I suppose, if there is a good dish that you like, e.g. Tripe soup, Oxtails, Ackee, Cowfoot Stew, Curry Goat, Salt Fish, go there and try it. Don't count on any service or explanations, or even suggestions. Or silverware. Or actual food in the deli cases. 13. To be fair, my friends thought slightly higher of the place ... slightly.
I took my Fiance's ring here to get re-sized smaller since the ring I bought was a couple sizes too large. I dropped off the ring on a Thursday and was told that it would be done by Saturday. I was pleased to hear the great news at this point because of the perfect timing for the proposal (planned proposal for Sunday). Saturday came around and I still have yet to get a call. I decided to go to the store and check on the status in person. Conveniently they were closed all weekend due to all staff being sick... I understand that people get sick, but the entire staff And no courtesy call to let me know that the ring will not be done on time I had no choice but to continue with the proposal empty handed and explain the careless error of the jewelers. If that was not enough, I finally got in contact with someone on Monday and was told that they will have it ready for pick up by Tuesday that week. At this point, that was anything but acceptable. I demanded that they either complete the job and return my ring or return my ring immediately and I will go elsewhere for assistance. I was eventually told that the ring was complete, but at an off site location and they will personally go get the ring and have it ready that evening. Finally... progress!! Not exactly.... I am then contacted back and told that I will have to meet them after hours and it would be delivered to me. I think this will be an acceptable resolution to this nightmare and provide some kind of customer satisfaction. I wait at the agreed upon location (Starbucks) and no one shows up. I call the number to the store and am told that he forgot that we were meeting and asked if I can go to the store to get the ring. I am infuriated at this point. I finally headed to the store and retrieved my ring, completed and re-sized correctly. I would imagine that at some point I would get a break on the charge because of the headache to get a ring re-sized... Nope, I am charged full price and not even a simple apology was given. Glad to say that I will not be a repeat customer.
My 12 year old daughter and I just returned from this location and we both got very sick.  She had the orange chicken and me the Pad Thai w chicken.  Gross
Disappointing is the word that comes to mind when describing Buraka.We first ordered the samoons (excuse spelling errors) and they came to us with a warm outside and cold inside, a sure indication of them not being fresh and most likely frozen beforehand. Then we ordered the combination platter with each a side salad. The salad was measly at best. Very little lettuce and only a tomato on top. The food came out and was also partially cold.Also, this is so far from authentic. They gave you silverware. Also, platters should be served on a large tray, almost like a pizza tray, with injera covering the whole thing. The chosen dishes then on top. NOT in a bowl. I've had Ethiopian food in both NYC and SF, both times phenomenal and authentic. I would never ever bring someone here for their first Ethiopian food. They would get the wrong impression. I know that if Buraka was my first Ethiopian restaurant I would not list Ethiopian food as one of my favorite foods. Avoid unless you are desperate.
Restaurant is overpriced and over rated, for the price that they charge for the food, you would figure that it would be at least decent, especially after a night in vegas. you want to get something good to eat. I found myself taking a cab the next day to Spring Mountain and found some real chinese food, at great prices.
This place is very close to my work, and I've gone three times as part of a group. The first two times, service was slow but not unbearably so. The food was decent, and the spicy mayo dip was really good.Today was my third visit. Halfway through my taco salad, I felt a clump of hair in my mouth. I fished it out, and although I really wanted to believe it had just fallen off my sleeve or shoulder, the clump looked nothing like my hair (blond) or my companion's (red).We calmly asked for the manager and explained the situation. He picked up the glob of hair off the napkin and told us that it couldn't be the restaurant's fault because none of the employees have dark-brown hair. (Every single one that I saw did.)Then he walked away, said something to the server that sounded like "wants a free meal." They brought me a bill for $3 for my drink and brought my companion her full bill.Gross as it was, I understand that mistakes happen. But when he implied that I was lying -- that pissed me off. If something similar had happened in my restaurant, I would have fallen all over myself trying to make it right, not insulted the customer.Total lack of class and decency. We will never go again.
The name says it all folks - you'd have to be "coo-coo" to eat at this hole in the wall diner. The service was dismal - the ladies behind the counter could barely muster up a smile and a perfunctory greeting between the two of them. The food (breakfast) was just not right. The eggs were rubbery, the bacon definitely NOT applewood-smoked as stated on their website's menu, the croissants were sad & stale, and the butter was actually margarine with a cloying taste. We all agreed that everything just tasted "strange". I love diners, especially mom-and-pop establishments, but there are bound to be hit and misses. This was definitely a miss.
i would love to give it zero stars if I could, (Yelp maybe a feature you can implement) anyway, bottom line I WISH i'd stopped by here and read the reviews before plunking down $26 on 2 lunches we could never get back!!food is disgusting, bland, tasteless, hopeless, worse than mediocre, and I could go on and on.there were total of 5 dishes, and rest of the lunch buffet was filled with lettuce, onions, chutneys, yogurt dips with no real veggies to actually dip in. the samosas were leaking of oil, pakoras were nasty didn't taste like pakora batter but stuffed with some dal of some sort to save money, the curries were GROSS ugh!!! and when u enter, u see all these awards plastered on the walls who is handing these outdon't go here...its full of retards serving nasty food that'll make u barf whether u're hung over or not.
NO, NO, NO!!!The Friday through Sunday Buffet here is advertised as $9.99 on the website but when you go to pay (after you ate) it's $12.95 per person!!!  I complained to the owner to & asked her to fix the website & she just gave me a bunch of double-talk!  Can you imagineABSOLUTELY NOT OK!!!     :-O
Only took them about 10mins to get my water, let see how long its goint to take for my food.... service are awful!
This place was yuck. I saw that they deliver and since I cant leave work I thought I would give them a try. It was totally disgusting and they took forever. They said between 15 and 30 minutes and that there would be a 3 dollar delivery charge. Not many places have delivery charges but when they do I expect the food to come within the time frame given. Not 20 minutes after the 45 minutes had already passed. I hope the delivery guy considers the fee his tip. The local plate was disgusting, greasy and the musubi smelled rank and old. The mac salad wasnt bad and the lupia was actually great. I will not be coming here ever again. Still a bad taste in my mouth.
Our holiday luncheon was held here yesterday.  By far the worst I have ever attended.  Waited for water, which was finally plopped down dripping by the very angry waitress; the Diet Pepsi was EXPIRED (June 2011).  Appetizers passable.  The food was AWFUL!  Beef jerky instead of Roast Beef Au Jus.  The chicken must have been boiled - flavorless and bland.  The vegetables were undercooked and hard.  Salt & pepper mercifully arrived approximately 23 of the way through the meal.  Seconds were had by NOBODY!!  The waitstaff had two people who looked very nice.  The guy in the shorts - really  And why were they all so grouchy  We should have gone to Taco Bell.   Oh - the dessert was okay.
There has been so much anticipation to go to G&D for Karaokee on mondays.  After a great bbq we all decided to go and sing our hearts out...well we arrived at about 10pm...added our names to the list...cheered othered singers on to encourage a good time, spent some money and tipped well....and waited patiently....well after 2.5 hours have gone by we had seen the same three girls go up the several times before we have...we get it...if they got there before us and signed up, its their turn...but then the host started singing songs and kept picking "random" chicks to sings songs...ok...now its getting weird.  Then when we saw the person that signed up right before us go up and then one of the same "three" girls and then the host "randomly" pick again.....we got pissed of and were ready to leave.  We were pissed and cashed out.  Then when we told the karaokee host that he was an ass and that we had been waiting over 2 hrs and were pissed, he pretty much talked crap and walked away.  Then he had the nerve to call our names when we walked right out of the door.  We came back in and talked to management.  We were there to have a good time and spend money.  I would rather spend my money elsewhere.  Star karaokee sux, IDK what the hell Michael the Karaokee host from star karaokee's problem was, but he was completely unprofessional and just plain RUDE.  We get it, you have your regulars, but we are cusotmers too.....we would have brought more people back in the future...but you can have fun with the same three people for your pitiful karaokee night.
The worse "Chinese food", even the white rice which came with the ogle sweet and sour chicken is really bad.  Please don't eat this food.
Called ahead take out order. Stated I would be getting a smoothie when we arrived, but the woman taking my order forgot to tell me the smoothie machine was broken. As I'm consoling an upset toddler she is motioning for me to sign my cc receipt. Really, my hands are full, and my order is not even ready yet. Salad was soaked in dressing. Called back, yes all to go salads are served with dressing on them, so beware, you have to eat it ASAP or have a big soggy mess. (That's what I get for stopping at Jamba Juice on the way home)
I went to Radio Maria for lunch on my birthday with my parents, who drove in from out of town. It turned out to be the worst dinning experience I have ever had. Our waiter William ignored us during the entire time. He completely forgot our appetizer.  When I tried to ask about it with the other servers they ignored me as well. the appetizer finally came after we were done with our meals and our waiter did not even bother to apologize. The food was horrible. My mothers mahi mahi was the driest piece of fish I have ever seen. The portions were extremely small. The "sea food plate", a $12 lunch entree, came with ONE scallop, THREE tiny shrimps and a piece of dried up fish smaller than the size of two quarters. We were all so hungry after the meal we had to go to another restaurant for more food. When I mentioned my poor experience with the manager on duty, he started to make excuses and argue with me. He didn't even bother to apologize. Bad food, bad service. I will never return to this restaurant again. Not for lunch, not for dinner, not for drinks, not for salsa, not for anything. I will tell all my friends to avoid going there for get togethers from now on.
Yuck food is greasy service stunk! I ordered a Philly sand which to find out they were out! Ordered French onion soup was way too salty. Mozzarella sticks ok but defiantly greasy! Waited 20 minutes for our check as we were told our server was busy. Needs a good cleaning also
My family always wanted to try Primanti. What a huge disappointment at the Anchor drive one. The pizza was served with a mound of burnt ashes on the bottom. Not a little, but teaspoons of it, all over. The ovens are not cleaned. I ordered the fish sandwich which came out cold, a soppy mess from the oil on the bread and a chunk of coleslaw core inedible. My sons was no better. The waitress saw we had taken only one bite and asked if we wanted to take home. We both said 'no way.' She didn't flinch and didn't care. I don't care to ever go back and will tell friends to avoid. In Philly, they'd be out of business in a heartbeat. It is also a dirty, noisy unkempt premises.
I ordered my food online with my credit card at about 6:30 PM. At 8PM, I called Bombay Indian Grill, and asked about the status of my food. I was told that the delivery guy should be picking up soon.Around 9PM, I called again. This time I was told I had to call delivery.com. I tried calling, and no one picks up. Around 9:30PM, I get a call from the delivery person. When I go to take my food, he says, "you're supposed to pay with cash." I explained that I already paid via yelp's link for online delivery with my credit card. He said, "it says you are paying with cash." I proceed to stand there for fifteen minutes, while he calls various people to finally get to the number to call to confirm my method of payment. He says, "do you have your credit card" I respond, "no." He says, "you'll need it because they're going to want to confirm the payment." Mind you, I am in the law building. My stuff is on the other side of the law building. I am not wandering around looking for my credit card, while he calls people to confirm my payment. I just stood there. At one point, I said, just void this I don't want it. Then my hunger snapped me back to my senses. After some time on the phone, he is told I paid with my credit card already. I told him I would not be using their services again, he said "okay." He walked out unaffected. Around 10 PM, I called the number on delivery.com, and heard no apologies. Thanks Bombay Grill, for providing me with the distinct pleasure of paying $23 to have cold mutter paneer and wilted garlic naan delivered to me more than 2.5 hours after I ordered it. The lack of silverware and napkins was a nice touch.Thanks delivery.com, for demonstrating that incompetence and a lack of care is possible at all levels of an organization.
If it were possible to give a restaurant a negative rating, this establishment would receive it.  My family and I have frequented Kabuto for years, but it has deteriorated so significantly we will never return.  The restaurant is run down, and not cleaned thoroughly.  On our trip tonight my four year old asked why it smelled bad when walking in the door.  The quality of the food has substantially gone down while the prices have increased.  The vegetables on the hibachi were not done at all, while the steak I ordered had a rancid taste.  When I complained the "owner" started raising her voice at me in front of my young daughter and three other family members screaming that she would not allow me to say the steak I had been served was spoiled.  There is a reason this restaurant is having to run specials on a large plastic sign out front, and why the last time we visited there was only one other table in the entire restaurant.  It is very sad to watch a once good local establishment run into the ground.
apparently they do not allow any hats or head gear unless its a cowboy or a baseball cap. Apparently they reason for not allowing a fedora  or a workers cap is it is representative of  "Gang"  paraphernalia. So I assume people who wear fedoras or worker caps are part of some gang however people who wear cowboy hats never congregate or that any "gang" members ever wear these head garbs.When I asked what is their policy for Sikhs who have to have a turban as required by their religion, they spat saying that there was no such religion and that person would be promptly thrown out for "gang" affiliations.So much for religious tolerance and sense of good fashion. Maybe I should wear a cowboy hat with MS 13 imprinted on it, but then I might be afraid that MS13 members might hunt me down for wearing a cowboys hat with their name on it
German cafeteria food. period.  I had the special: stuffed roast pork, red cabbage and spaetzle. (sp)
Arepera du Plateau...more a miss than a hit... I came to this place with a friend because I read the review on The Gazette I was truly disappointed. I ordered a pabellon with chicken and my guest a pabellon with cazon (shredded shark), plus a mango juice and a guanabana (soursop) juice. The food was tasteless, boiled rice without a trace of onion, garlic, bell pepper or even salt...the black beans they seemed to be straight from the can and reheated, again no spicy flavor at all..the shark was more like canned tuna (as far as I know shark is a very expensive fish, so they should be charging more than 11 dollars for this so they can make some profit, which means that either they are losing money by serving shark, or the shark IS canned tuna)...the juices were watery, in substance and flavor, not a hint of sweetness, the only thing that we actually enjoyed were the tajadas (slices of fried ripe plantain, served with grated cheese).The service was OK, I asked the waiter for tajadas and he had no clue of what I was ordering, which means he's not Venezuelan, but I must say that he was friendly even if a bit slow.Unfortunately this was not a happy culinary experience, I lived in Venezuela for several years and I know what Venezuelan food is like, an exotic mixture Spanish cuisine with tropical accents, lots of garlic, onions, bell pepper, aji dulce, cumin, annato, I know that rice is boiled with a bit of oil, garlic, salt and a bell pepper to give it some flavor, I know what caraotas (black beans) are like, and cazon means cazon, not canned tuna. I have to say that  this place gives Venezuelan food a bad reputation, maybe they can get away with it because most of people in Montreal have not been exposed to Venezuelan food and don't know what real Venezuelan food tastes like... I lived in Venezuelan and quite honestly, I feel shortchanged. Perhaps I should get a copy of Mi Cocina by Armando Scanone and leave it at the counter.And by the way, those joropos are way too loud and prevent customers from having a conversation without yelling at each other
Jane is so right. The food and prices may be great, but who wants to eat dirt with it I've seen someone mop the filthy snow tracked floor then put the bucket of water on the deli counter. No thanks. I'll pay a little more for sanitation. There are other Italian grocery stores close by.
The carpet is completely unsanitary and a breeding ground for MRSA. The instructor only verbally ran the class, never demonstrated one pose OR even made rounds to correct those doing them wrong. Lots of people that hadn't done yoga before because of the groupon and it's unfortunate they have been thought incorrectly. This instruction method is going to cause people injuries. FYI never do a jerking twisting motion with your upper body to try and square your hips!!! The instructor even told me and another girl NOT to drink water at the moment we did! So not OK, always listen to your bodies needs.
People think i love giving bad reviews when in all actuality I root to give good reviews because when in an establishment I look forward to having a good time. I just I gave this establishment a 1* for the following reason.  Lets make this in bullet point form.1.)  After we sat down, we got our menus 10 mins after and it wasn't busy.2.)  Food takes a while to prepare.  Maybe my hunger just made my impatience stronger because it seemed like forever before we received our orders.  But that's probably normal.3.)  Decoration was minimal. There wasn't much thought into making the restaurant look appealing and welcoming.4.)  Lastly, the owner doesn't seem to care about customer service or whether people will want to come back or be given a bad verbal review because when we presented our coupon for the meal,(a) the server didn't know how to use it or what it was which only means the owner doesn't communicate things like that to his employees.(b) when she called the owner to find out how to use it, he wouldn't pick up the phone.  She dialed almost 7 times. It took my cousin to use his phone, a different number, for the owner to pick up.  Obviously, employees calls aren't important but unknown numbers are.(c) he subscribed to the coupon, my cousin paid for the coupon, and the owner wouldn't accept it.  The coupon was purchased for $15 and worth $30.  Our bill came to $31 and some change.  We ended up having to pay because the owner wouldn't accept the coupon he obviously agreed to. The only reason why I'm even bothering to give a star is because the food was really good.  The cook was great in preparing our dishes and for the server who was helpful and sweet and patient with us. Moral of the story, as great little businesses are, one of so many sometimes forget that customers will talk to other people or blast a review in yelp about the awesome or awful experiences we have in establishments.
The wait staff was totally rude. The food was nothing to rave about considering the prices.
I ate here with my husband as a convenient stop before we went shopping.  It's cafeteria food, people.  I didn't go in there thinking I was going to get a five star meal for $3.99.  I got the veggie pasta w alfredo sauce and my husband got the spaghetti and meatballs.  I couldn't even make it through half of the store before I felt super duper sick.  No more cafeteria food for this girlie.  Stick with the hot dogs and ice cream that you can get after check out....
UGH!, I don't even know where to start. But I came for lunch around 11:45a and why there was a nice welcome... well that was the en of it!. We sat down pretty quickly but it wasn't until around 12:10-12:15 when we finally got our drinks and finally placed our orders, in the end after having 3 waiters and having to stand up countless of time to ask about our food (chicken wings, Sandwich and a turkey wrap ), we finally received out food. Which included COLD! fries and under-cooked chicken wings. Needless to say I was completely disappointed with the experience, but I will DEFINITIVELY NOT return to this place.
This hotel is stuck in the middle of nowhere. The restaurant staff is relatively friendly, but the spacedecor is "budget" at best.We had several problems with the Receptionists. Problems include: not being able to book a taxi, problems over room check-indouble booking a our room, and being rude over the phone.Also, our Damn Room Key would never work!! I had to walk up and down every time to get it to work again..My best advice, pay a little extra money and book a hotel in Uptown Charlotte. This place doesn't deserve the business.
Panera is great. Food is spectacular. However this location is horrible. Customer service is non-existant here. You are made to feel like they are doing you a favor by taking your order or providing your food. go to another location or restaurant. This one is BAD!
This has got to be the most overrated restaurant in Charlotte. I've been 3 times and I have never been impressed.  But this last time was horrible. This is the McDonald's of Cajun cuisine. Every dish we had was completely flavorless. Fortunately it was only half price because of the Groupon that I used. And even at half off it was overpriced relative the to the exceptionally low quality of the food. I'll never go back.
Yes, one would think that a place called Tofu Hut would know something about tofu, but they don't.  They have, listed under their specialties, "Stir Fried Kimchi with Tofu", and the waiter acted like he'd never seen this on the menu before.  The end result was that I got kimchi stir fried with spicy sauce, and some scallions (which was actually tasty, but not very exciting) surrounded by uncooked, un-marinated tofu slabs.  Not the right way to prepare tofu.  There wasn't even any extra sauce in the stir fry to put on the tofu.  I can't speak for their meat dishes, but my dinner companion didn't seem impressed.
I used to eat at Charley's for the Philly steaks until I tried Corleone's I fell in love with it. Until recently I requested mushrooms on my sub so upon eating the Philly I noticed they used CANNED mushrooms!!!!! Thats a disgrace to the original Philly!!! So I stopped going to Corleone's and went back to Charley's since they use fresh ingredients. Corleone's cost a lot more than Charley's however I'm not willing to pay more for canned ingredients, No Thanks!!!!
Very disappointed. Delivery was late, our gyros were cold and fries were soggy. I wont be ordering from here again.
I'm cleaning up my draft reviews and was here 21712 so this bad review is long overdue. I'm no decorator but the black and yellow outside colors make you think you're in a Western Union or some check cashing place...which would probably make better bagels and whitefish salad anyway!  Round bread with a hole in the center does not mean it's a bagel! Tasted more like pretzel dough but more bland. They sell Dr. Browns in bottles which is always good but no Celrey soda  I don't know about the deli meat because i was going just for breakfast bagelfish but as far as bagels are concerned I guess it's better than Lender's bagels or a Fast food chain. The whitefish salad was too loose and with no discernible whitefish flavor. Ain't nuttin New Yawk about this place food wise.
No this is nothing fancy, neither were the flavors. In fact, the special seafood noodle soup was practically tasteless. I expected at least a little spice (had a chili pepper next to it), but the red colored soup was nothing but an illusion of blandness... A lot of toppings though I must say. But that did not make up for the runs I had after consuming 34 of the bowl...The won ton egg noodle soup was the most bland I've ever had - and I had pretty high expectations since this is rated 4 stars on Yelp - disappointing. Everything was subpar except for the shrimp won tons.If you're looking for dirt cheap food and don't care about the quality, then this is your place. There are definitely other places nearby that serve much better quality and authentic food. I can't believe how highly this is rated... maybe it's the noodle soups that suck.
You know you're in for a bad meal when you hear" DING" come from the kitchen. This is the most flavorless Jamaican food I have ever eaten. I will NOT return. Booooo!
Placed a take-out order of vegetable pakoras, shahi paneer, garlic naan, and papadum. Did not receive the pakoras at all, the naan was COLD (not even lukewarm), the papadum was burned, and the shahi paneer was crappy. As your lawyer, I advise you to become a patron of any other indian place in the valley but this one.
The attention to detail has for some reason been thrown out the window at the place! I've been a fan of the Egg and I chain for a long time but this location at W. Flamingo and Fort Apache has tarnished the name. The staff is rude and uptight, with a "why are you bothering me for extra napkins" attitudementality. Also, the order should be checked for accuracy BEFORE it is even brought to the table!!!I will NEVER be back to Egg Works AGAIN - IT IS TERRIBLE!!!
Terrible! Good piece of fish with tasteless batter, frozen fries,&  peas that must have been cooked at least two days previously. Either the cook was gone, or the reviews have been loaded by friends , relatives, and employees. We cannot believe that this ever got a "best" rating.
read karen's review. I'm the guy who wanted to throw up.
I am NOT a fan of Karsh's. When i moved to Phoenix many years ago, everyone made a fuss about getting their baked goods from Karsh's. I was really looking forward to what i expected would be wonderful baked things. They weren't. They were tasteless... Everything is the same tasteless flavor. There is pink iced tasteless, white iced tasteless... they have mastered the use of food color.... but it doesn't overcome the tastelessness. The only thing Karsh's has going for them is that they are a Kosher Bakery. I suppose that gives them a "captive" audience. There will always be a community of people who cannot buy their things anywhere else because they require Kosher goods. There is one exception at Karsh's. They make a wicked fine Challah. Everything else leaves me flat.
My husband and I are Cubs fans and flew into Pittsburgh to see Friday and Saturday's Cubs-Pirates game this past weekend (77 & 8).  We got to PNC Park around 5 p.m. and since the gates weren't open we decided to sit and have some drinks before the game.  We stopped first at Atria's.  Although there was only one other table occupied outside, we were told if we weren't going to order food (just drink) we would have to give up our table if people, who were eating food needed it.  This was RIDICULOUS  to us so we left!  We were paying guests just like their other guests!!  Anyway we went a few businesses down and drank at Dominic's.  We went to Dominic's both nights and probably spent close to $100 AND did up getting FOOD.  Atria's better rethink how they treat guests....
This was probably one of the worst places I've eaten at in a while . I'm not sure what was worse food or service . Never again , the coupon we bought and weren't allowed to use left on the table
Somehow 11111 N 7th Street is "too far for us."Um... 3.6 miles is too far wow... OK enjoy your locals. Ordering somewhere else now. :)
Why 1 star Bad part of town, food not fresh.  We tried on a whim from great yelp reviews.  I was in Cambodia 5 months ago and really loved some of the food we had there.  I ordered the Amok fish, which was one of the best things I ate while in Cambodia.  Sekong's tasted like a bad frozen dinner that had been reheated several times.  I didn't finish it because I was scared I would get sick. Not impressed by the beef sandwich - beef wasn't fresh, bread was too hard, cilantro seems like it may not have been washed thoroughly enough.  The egg rolls and soup were nothing to write home about.Also, we were not aware this is not in a great part of town.  We wanted to sit facing the door but our bench was wobbly....booo.  We were on guard in the parking lot and finished our meal quickly and made our way back to the highway.Don't do it!
I have tried Whole Foods recently even after hearing about the attitude of the butthole, hipster employees and presumptuous, anti-bourgeois customers that will literally push you aside a turn their noses up at you a million times. The rumors were true!!! Even though I was only there one time, first impressions are a bitch! The selection is great! I can't afford any of it, but it's great! I have never seen such expensive rice! Here is the bro-down...The food: Plentiful and too expensive to even think of buying. The freshest fish that isn't in the Strip...but you need to take a second mortgage to buy fish for a family. I bought sushi rice, a piece of fish and a salad, my bill: $25! The salad with lettuce, carrots, chick peas, onions and about 5 pieces of chicken was $11+The employees: Hipsters with thick-rimmed glasses, tattoos and facial piercings that slack like I have never seen "workers" slack before. In fact there was a sign above some fresh fish stating "We will prepare you fish any way you want, just ask" HA...HA! When I asked to have a tiny fish to be filleted (something that would take me about 10 seconds at home) I was scoffed at by the so called fish monger who was obviously not a trained fish monger, but got his job because of his Progressive music of the soviet era bachelors degree . It took him the better part of 20 minutes to fillet a f-ing fish! All I got was a chopped up piece of crap that was useless. And scoffing is what these people are good at. Pushing your cart down the aisles is like running a scoffing gauntlet. Staff huff and puff when you get in their way! The cashiers just stand and talk to each other or run to get organic iced tea to drink WHILE they ring you up...they don't even do that at Giant Eagle!The other customers: This one is a peach! If you're not pulling in a good $60K a year you are dirt to these people. I was at the salad bar (it is a good salad bar, but expensive) an older woman in a mink coat bumped, no, pushed into me then stared at me and turned her nose up at me, can you believe it She actually turned her nose up at me! Others in the aisles will grunt like cantankerous old people if they can't get through. They push ahead in line, give you dirty looks, and act like it's a class struggle...it kind of is!So unless you have a lot (i mean A LOT) of disposable income, have never needed to use coupons, drive a $50K car (parking is terrible there), are the president of the United States, CEO of Microsoft, a widow whose wardrobe is more extensive than the explanation of the formula explaining an event horizon or a hipster who looks poor, but lives off daddy and mommy (though they'll never admit it) you shouldn't and really won't be able to afford this place...but why would you want toI'll stick with Trader Joe's for my alternative market, thank you! I prefer employees with edges that are a little rough to ones with pants so tight, I can see their junk.
I am sorry to be writing this review.  My first visit to Blue a few years ago was fabulous.  The service was very good!  But, this time not only was the food not impressive, but it was totally boring! The calamari appetizer was good, but not worth $11.00.  The hummus appetizer was 2 golf ball sized clumps with almost no flavor.  Not even arranged to be appealing to the eye.  My tenderloin was nothing to write home about and the risotto was a mushy, tasteless ,  glob with Carmelized onions on it that looked reheated...also not  flavorful.  The baked in house bread were blah, and butter was not offered.  It could have used it to help the taste.  Dessert was the same...an amaretto cheesecake that tasted like it was left in the oven way too long....dry.   I love good food.  But, this evening was an utter disappointment.  It was a birthday celebration, and I did not want to spoil it with complaints about the food.  I also think my guest did not want me to feel bad for bringing them to this place I raved about prior to going. Service was great, but the server talked me out of a couple of things I considered getting.  Made me think whomever was doing the cooking that night...A Saturday was not good at certain things.  Extremely overpriced.  Btw...coffee was $6.50.  C'mon now!  Good but not that much!  Sorry, but I will not go back.  I was sooo looking forward to this special evening,  and it was an utter disappointment.
OK, for starters... I'm all about handstands and arm balances. Also, I believe that yoga is about listening to your body and doing the pose that is right for you.  Therefore, if your in a pose and you think you should go deeper than do it!  When I go to a power class and I'm told not to modify and the teacher is overweight, I get scarred that it's going to be a bad class.  Also, power yoga should be taught by type A people. You can be mellow and spiritual, then teach a restorative class. Enough ranting!Yoga Pura has a nice vibe, but for starts it smells like an old gym, where are the air fresheners and sage folks Wow!!  The people there are really nice, but the Manger that teaches power should only be allowed to teach level 1 Flow and Restorative classes. She is a very sincere woman and a had a great spirit, but she should not teach power!  Her class was so bad that I barley broke into a sweat. We spent 40 mins in ansana for an 85 min class!!!! That is nuts for a power class. I understand the owner Eric is awesome, but he needs to look who is teaching his more advanced classes. Yoga has changed and people are more advanced. This studio is behind the times.If you want a great yoga studio in Phoenix, then your best option is AtoneYoga! Enough said.
Crepes are pricey and super bland not savory at all...
After visiting Sabor in Milwaukee and loving the Brazillian dining experience we decided to try out Samba on our trip to Madison after getting a Groupon offer, and I'm glad we had a coupon because our visit was plain disappointing. A few of the positive aspects: -Grilled pineapple w cinnamon sugar was amazing, when it cam around. -We arrived early for our reservation and they were willing to accommodate us and find us a table.-Salad bar was pretty good, the stew was awesome.-The sausage was very good and flavorful. Now on to the bad parts:-Meat was mediocre at best. Most of it was way over done and tough. We usually like our steak Medium Rare or Medium so this was a disappointment.  We did have a few pieces that were done properly and then they were very tasty, but that was few and far between. -When they cam around with the meat there usually wasn't a lot left on the skewer and they would give you enough for 1 or 2 bites then we wouldn't see anyone again for 10-15 minutes. One of the cuts I received was 80% fat. -The majority of the meat we received was lukewarm at best. When we got there we were seated on a table by the wall. The waitress came by to get our drink order and we were told that she would bring our bread and have the pineapple come around in a little bit. I don't think we saw anything for at least 10 minutes. There was a table of 10 people or so across from us and the guys with the meat would go by them first and they would either be out of meat by then or just leave without acknowledging us. This was very frustrating.  When we did get someone to stop by the table they only gave us a bite or two worth of meat (probably becuase they were usually almost out of meat) and sometimes would not even ask me if I wanted any after they asked my boyfriend.  So probably about half the time they gave him meat and then just walked away.  We will not be coming back to give Samba another chance. If you're going to be in the Milwaukee area and are looking for a great Brazilian Grill experience, check out Sabor. We've been there 5 times and walked away completely satisfied each time.
This is an awful place for lunch. You would never guess it was a sit down restaurant and the service was sooo slooow. We were there for 45+ minutes for lunch, maybe 5 minutes spent eating. I got the club ranch wrap which was less than impressive looking for $9. The outside felt a little warm but the inside was scolding hot! Grease dripped from the bottom and landed on my finger leaving it bright red with a blister. Seriously Took a few more bites and I was burned a second time on the side of my lip. Mind you I had already eaten my potato salad (which tasted like it was from Walmart) and chips so the wrap had plenty of time to cool down. This was a joke, and the check was just the cherry on top. $23 for two sandwhiches I could have made at home without being burned. There are way better sandwhich shops with actual homemade sides for half the money. Try Z-Cafe at Alma School and Baseline!!!
id give this place no stars if i could,  the food was downright awful, the sides they give you to go along with the meats like the cream spinach, plantains, and carrots were basically not edible, we started to joke about how bad the meal was not one person in our party thought it was any good.   the meats were mostly over cooked and very bland, the one thing i enjoyed was the pineapple not the pork that came with it just the pineapple. and the flank steak when not overcooked was actually OK as for the rest just terrible i will never go to this restaurant again and would never recommend it to anyone
Kind of gross. The 2nd worst Chinese restaurant I have been to in my life-- first being Aunty Chang's in Houston, TX. Let's just comment on the fact that the hot & sour soup is 5.10GBP per small bowl-- that is wildly ridiculous when you can sit down at a local pub for a full meal for that price. We ordered Mabo Tofu & Yushan beef (aka garlic beef sometimes), which are very normal Chinese dishes.  The Mabo tofu came out barely covering the bottom of the plate (skimpy quantity), tasting not like normalauthentic Mabo tofu but edible, except for the bijillion poppy seeds in the dish that you would have to pick out ( I am totally not exaggerating). Then the yushan beef came out looking quite bland.  We called the waiter over to make sure that is actually the right dish, and he gave us the snobby "this is what Westerner do.  It's not like Yushan beef in China, it's a garlic sauce here."  Excuse me!  You can't even speak English & you are telling me, an American, what "westerners" expect in a Chinese dish!  What a joke.  Yes, the dish is sometimes, in some places, called garlic beef, but the cooking methods and sauces and tastes never alter.  It is supposed to be a mildly sweet dish with shredded veggies and meat in brown sauce.  In Golden Dragon's case, we had chunks of vegetable and meat in some weird sauce (& no garlic to be found either).  To make things worse, they charge a 10% service charge.  You are stuck with it whether you liked the foodservice or not. What a rip off.
I came here this morning for sisig, but apparently the lady's husband makes it and he was out on a run, so sisig wasn't available. I also called around 5:30pm to try again and order sisig, but the lady who answered said they were closing. It says they're open until 7pm though Ugh... This place is not consistent. Terrible.
i've been here twice.  this place is confused.  my 12 year old son was totally unimpressed after they completely screwed up what he ordered.  the staff are maybe too focused on the whole hippie schtick to realize that paying customers don't really care about the staff's identities and really just expect to get what they pay for.if you need a coffee andor food, walk around the corner to kopi.
I think this place closed.
HORRIBLE......price, service, food, experience.  WILL NEVER RETURN.  The doors were unlocked and there were people in there eating.  Then the owner came out of the back and said we are closed until 5 pm.  It was 4:30.  I guess proof that the service is horrible and slow was that lunch ends at 2 and they are closed from 2-5 but the couple at the table was still there eating.  Anyways they did let us come in and they offered us a glass of water...that took 15 minutes to get to the table.  When a server finally arrived through the front door all sweaty, he came to bring us menus.  Now it is 5:15. He brought us water and then started to take it away because we already had some, we asked him if we could keep it and it was a good thing we did as he never came back to refill glasses.  He never asked if we wanted anything else to drink and we were going to order a new kind of beer.  We ordered.  It was. 40 minutes before the first plate came and we had no silverware....when we asked the server said, no I gave you flatware already, really do you see any here another 10 minutes before the second plate came out and it was cold and was sent back.  There was a bone chip in the sausage.  At each table you could here the servers saying they were out of pierogies and then they were out of baklava, then they were out of......the owner lady started chatting at tables and told everyone she was out of pierogies because she only makes them on Tuesday her prep day..it was Friday.   So all the food must be leftover if she only preps on Tuesday.  VERY DISAPPOINTED, WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.  my one star rating is one star too much, but the lowest score you can give..
Great experience in previous visit in Orlando so tried this one in Charlotte. Apps were cold.  Waiter was loud and too casual.  Cream curdled in coffee.  Sea bass was steamed spinach coated in soy sauce.  After I have been to all other Charlotte restaurants, we may try it again.
So I just rushed home from Blue because I couldn't wait to get on here and give them this review.  Ok, I'm lying.  I made one stop on the way home - Barnes and Noble -  to buy a dictionary so I could find the words to explain just how bad this place was for me.  If not for it being restaurant week, thus having reduced pricing, I might have 'made a scene.'So I'll start with a service review since I can sum it up with one simple fact: 2 hours and 15 minutes into dinner (restaurant week I remind you - simplified menu, 3 courses) we were still waiting on stuff to be brought to the table.  The service was atrocious and incredibly slow.  At the 2 hour and 15 minute mark, we finally just flagged down the waitress, told her to box up the food, box up the desserts that hadn't arrived yet, just so we could finally get the heck out of there.  Initially I thought this was part of the "Blue experience," but its not.  The waitress came by every 30 minutes, took the order for the next course, and it took an hour for each course to come out.  So the food is boxed and i come home, nightmare over, right  Wrong! they boxed up my friends food and gave it to me, boxed his up an gave it to the 3rd couple that was with us, etc, etc, etc.  So NOBODY went home with their own food.  I love my friends, but I'm not nibbling at their food scraps.  So, food, how was the the food  Not quite horrible, but not quite good either.  Edible is a better word for it.  I got the "Grilled Niman Ranch Pork Rack Chop - with a Tuscan white gigante bean and kale ragout finished with a sweet Italian saba."  sounds fancy, eh  Well, it was basically lukewarm vegetable soup, with a hint of chef boyardee, and a dinky pork chop dropped right in the middle.  It was so boring and bland, i question the chef's competence and would openly challenge him to a cook-off if this is as good as he could do.  I could walk into a grocery store blindfolded, randomly grab something, bring it home and microwave it for 3 minutes, and I would still like my chances.  Nobody at the table was impressed with anything they ordered.So let's circle back for a second, and return to service.  The waitress was very nice and knowledgeable I have to say.  Maybe she was just over capacity  I don't know.  But she recognized our frustration and had the manager bring our to-go boxes to us and apologize for the delays and long waits between courses (I think).  This is how that conversation went:Manager: "hey guys, sorry things took a little long, you know uh, restaurant week and the kitchen got backed up.  But how was everything"Me: "Well, it was ok.  some things were pretty good i suppose, some better than others."Manager: (blank stare)Me:  (awkward moment)Manager; "well sorry again, and uh i mean, you know ehhhh...." (blank stare).Me: (still awkward so I'm just going to stand up now and leave).Manager: (blank stare and walks away).needless to say, I will never come back here again.  If it were free, I would probably still pass.  If asked what could they do to make it right, i would respond with a full refund of the entire dinner, plus compensation for the 2 hours and 30 minutes of my life that I'll never get back.
UGH.  I was so excited to come in when I saw they had a large selection of jewelry.  I just needed a replacement for my barbell.  I called ahead and asked if they had jewelry for nipple piercings and was told yes they all kinds.  When I walked in and said I had called a few minutes ago and had asked about nipple piercings I was greeted by who I can only assume is the woman all the other bad reviews are talking about.  Woman with short blonde hair.  She immediately had a disgusting attitude with me saying ''well there's just so much merchandise we can't display it ALL"  ...I didn't ask to see it all, I just asked if you had a specific area of nipple rings.  She then pulled out a box for me and I asked if I could take off the lid to see the jewelry, I got a very snotty ''NO".  I have had my jewelry for several years and have no idea what the standard piercing size is and maybe that's my bad but I asked her what was the standard size and she was like ''12 or 14"  and then gave me a really fake smile like I was stupid for even asking.  Like, she was making absolutely no effort at all to seem hospitable and it was clear she didn't want to help me out.  I was polite and nice to her from the very start so there was no need for her to act like a raging bitch, which is exactly how she was behaving.  This is terrible customer service, when people come in with questions don't you WANT them to feel like they can ask questions  Don't you WANT the service   I WOULD HAVE bought jewelry but couldn't bring myself to give her ANY of my money after the display she put on.  Her friends were there hanging out and they seemed nice enough so I don't know what the hell her deal is but its not a good example to set when you're representing your place of employment.  I will tell everyone not to shop here if they encounter her because, frankly, she pissed me off.  I'm a friendly person and I'm sure the other people who had troubles with her are too, but I came very close to telling her just how rude she WAS being.  Take a customer service class please!
Horrible, bad don't eat here. Staff doesn't care about service or quality of food
Just had some about 5 minutes ago. No.
DISSAPPOINTED!!I ordered the TONKOTSU ramen with chyashu pork of course, but they ran out of pork!!! So I supplemented with egg and chicken. Soup was thin and flavorless, egg over cooked, chicken bland, the bean sprouts, and spinach was not helpful or wanted!I make better instant ramen at home! Having had unforgettable ramen from Japan and very good ramen in Hawaii and irresistable ramen in Vegas even.... I'm sad AZ ramen is embarrassing.
This place is very lacking, to say the least. Our large party for a baseball tournament arrived to find our rooms had no phones, clock radios, missing remotes, tv's not working, no coffee, etc. The process just to turn the tv on was amazing! The furniture was dirty and at least 30 years old. Parking is an issue, especially if you have a large vehicle or truck. Spaces are extremely small and hard to get in and out of. The front desk service was not very good. Ladies were rude and not helpful. The grounds staff were nice though. Overall, for the price, this place is a huge disappointment. I would not stay here again.
They ruined Pei Wei! They actually redecorated to make the place look low rent. Somewhere there's someone in upper management who needs to be fired. Redecorate to downgrade the atmosphere -- seriously Employees now wear t-shirts and jeans instead of the nice uniforms they wore before. A bunch of teenagers work there instead of the staff that used to know what they were doing.Worst of all, the new menu sucks. Nothing here that you can't get for half the price at any Chinese take out place in the valley. No more Dan Dan Noodles. No more Lo Mein. No more vanilla chai tea. Now there are just a few rice bowls and no noodle dishes. The music is so loud that you can't even hear them call out your order number as though you were at Taco Bell or McDonald's. Because eating a meal without having to listen to the teenagers at the counter shout out numbers is too upscale. So is actual silverware. Everything that made Pei Wei funky is gone. I guess it is still asian fusion -- it's just a fusion with fast food quality. All that's missing is a drive through.They do still have tofu, which I appreciate. However, I had Mongolian tofu and the sauce tasted like it was straight out of a jar. The food was barely warm. The mushrooms were raw. My dining partner's portions were laughable. Maybe a half cup of rice and less than a half cup of mongolian beef. Yes, I know Pei Wei is a chain restaurant but I used to really enjoy the food. I'm so disappointed. I won't be back.
Wanted to make a reservation for 14 people on a Thursday night. Called on Wednesday and they wanted my credit card so they could charge me $10 a person if we didn't show. My response, "That's fine. But if I need to cancel in the morning, I won't be charged, right" Nope, they'll charge me. Awful.
Worst service in the area, by far.   Once we were seated, it took the waitress 25 minutes to make her way to our table to take our drink order.  We finally decided to settle up 45 minutes after placing our order.   The food never made it to our table.   I have eaten at this restaurant before and  the service wasn't so bad.   The food is generally pretty good.  If you want to order Chicken, definitely get it shredded.
Never again...I guess they don't have much in the way of Mongolian bbq in Madison but this was a poor excuse for it at best...the meat didn't look fresh...the bar area was not well maintained...food was everywhere...the sauce area was a disaster...the offer you rice and soup to go with your dinner and the rice isn't cooked properly...and the soup was a sad excuse for hot and sour...YUCK!!!Once and only once...never again HuHot
I thought people came to Las Vegas for good food but I was extremely disappointed by this Tapas bar. Yea sure the happy hour is good but the food sure isn't. All I can say is PASS. And go to Mi Luna in Houston, Texas.
I initially sent this review to the restaurant only.  However, since they did not have the courtesy to even respond, I will now post it on Yelp.We dined at Verses a Friday in November expecting excellent service and meal execution.  Neither occurred.  We were clearly an afterthought to our server, but that is the lesser of the issues.  It was the food that failed and was so extremely disappointing, especially for the price.  But, this review has nothing to do with price.  We dined at Au Pied de Cochon the previous evening and spent an equivalent amount, however the level of attentiveness and quality and execution of the dishes was so far above that of Verses.  We had four dishes, and I would have been forgiving of one dish below expectation.  However, when 3 of the 4 are almost inedible, I feel the need to address the situation.We started with the foie gras torchon (as expected) and the sweetbread.  The sweetbread was very minimal and completely overcooked, dry and falling apart as we attempted to eat it.  It lacked flavor and the richness typically associated with the dish.From there we had the wild boar and the cod with poached egg.  The boar was overcooked - certainly not the medium rare we ordered - as well as tough, chewy and flavorless.  It reminded me of a cheap pork chop.  The cod was extremely overdone - dry and cold.  The 'poached' egg was hard-cooked. Had our server come to check on us, we would have mentioned these issues.  He did not.Last, we ordered dessert and coffee for my husband.  Our dessert came.  The coffee arrived about 10 minutes later.  By then we had no dessert.  There are many better options in Old Montreal than this pretentious, ill-performing restaurant.
NEVER USE THIS PLACE. DO NOT RECOMMEND. THEY DO NOT FOLLOW UP, ASSOCIATES ARE RUDE, AND THE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS AWFUL. HARD TO BELIEVE HOW THEY STAY IN BUSINESS. I HAVE BEEN WAITING ON BOOKS FOR ALMOST TWO WEEKS AND WAS TOLD THEY WOULD ARRIVE IN TWO DAYS. DUE TO THEIR INCOMPETENCE I AM NOW HAVING TO DROP A CLASS.I am very upset and disappointed with the service that I have received. I was told by Frank the order would be placed on 827 and the order would arrive on 829.  Now, almost two weeks later, my order still has not arrived. And the order was placed on 828 instead of 827.  I have had to call every day to check on status, no one until today, after calling every day since last Friday has reached out to me. The customer service is not what I expected. These books were needed last Friday for a class that meets on Mondays.  I will be two weeks behind since they will not come in until this Monday. This is unacceptable. If I had known that, I would have used another company to receive my books on time. Now, I do not have time to obtain the books from any other source before Monday.  This has been a major inconvenience for me and I will know not to use your business in the future.
I always give 1-star to Hotels that accept anonymous Priceline bids and then charge extra "resort fees" when you show up.That's fine if you want to hide fees from window shoppers to make your sticker price look lower than it really is.  Let them dig through your fine print and decide to stay elsewhere if they so choose.But to accept anonymous bids from services such as Priceline where customers have zero visibility into your extra fees until their credit card has already been charged is unethical ( and you know it ).  I suspect that the law hasn't caught up to this new modern flavor of bait and switch that you folks in the Hotel business are experimenting with.  Enjoy ripping people off while the party lasts.
Please please go out of business asap. and stop employing your relatives. they have real issues and no customer serivce skills whatsoever
Very few items on lunch buffet. On menu was aloo tikki, salad, plain rice, butter chicken, naan, chicken tandoori, chicken curry, palak paneer (paneer was hard to find), kheer (was good), finni that's it. None of the items were cooked properly. Very very disappointed. Price: $10.25 plate
Went to TK specifically to try the pistachio ice cream. They were out. Then I asked what other dessert I could try instead (read: I want to spend money in your establishment), I was told I could only get dessert if I ordered other food as well. And they promptly lost a potential customer for this inane rule.
My experience at Sonoma Grille was terrible.  We just left the restaurant about 15 minutes ago and I am writing this review while the experience is still fresh in my mind. My husband and I were excited to try Sonoma despite its relatively high prices, basic menu, and muted Olive Gardenish decor.  We very much looked forward to the night out but were shocked by the inexperienced waitress, the poor service, and the undercooked food. We ordered appetizers, a salad, and 2 main dishes.  My husbands pork was completely rare and cold when it came out.  Instead of taking the entire dish away, the waitress suggested he just put the pork on a small side dish so it could be re-heated.  Um, what  Seriously  For a fine dining restaurant, no dish should come out raw nor should the meat be separated from the rest of the dish to cure the problem.  Kind of ruins the idea of serving a "dish" afterall.   The rest of the food was ok, but, not worth the high price tag.So then we sat and waited.  And waited.  I finished my entire meal before my husband even got his served at the right temperature. It was strange, awkward, and sad not to be able to share what is supposed to be a fine dining experience with my husband. The manager, Kevin,  came over 3 times, asking "is there anything we can do for you" and "Sir, sorry, next time this won't happen".   Well, needless to say, there will not be a next time. And the answer to "Is there anything we can do for you"  is basic restaurant management, Kevin.... you either comp the meal or at least comp a glass of wine.  You did neither.  And we didn't ask because we aren't that type.
Eek! Methinks not, indeed!Okay, I never usually give a place a 1 star because I have this moral dilemma with it... BUT, I also never usually walk out of a restaurant. So, I walked in, was awkwardly greeted, and told to have a seat. It was lunch time, so the place was full, but not overflowing with stressed out customers. In all honesty, it was a typical lunchtime scenario inside. *I'd also like to note that I read reviews for slower than average service, so I was prepared to wait a little extra to try the food*Once I sat down, I noticed the server bringing menus over to the patrons that entered immediately before me, but he never came over with one for me. I decided to patiently wait for the next five minutes. That's when I started overhearing the conversation at the table next to me, and to sum it up:I don't know if we can stay and eat, we might have to get it to go.. We've been waiting a long time.Again, that's not verbatim, but it's exactly along those lines. I figured the reviews were right about the food prep times, and continued to wait. After a few more minutes passed by, another couple walked in, were acknowledged and seated, and after a minute, they were given menus (This is about 8-10 minutes in). It was then that the server came over with water for the first couple that had walked in before me. He then walked back to the drink area and brought out two more glasses of water for the couple that came in almost ten minutes after me. With no menu, water or sense of appreciation for wanting to spend my money at Fresh Mint, I got up and walked out.A good way to lose a customer is to not serve them. With service complaints since 2008 on Yelp, I really think something needs to be done. That was unbelievably insulting.
This is Vietnamese food for North Scottsdale white folks who have never had Vietnamese food before.It's a fast food style place that gives you food with very little flavor and tells you to start adding sriracha and oyster sauce util it starts to taste good.Really really bad.
Marginal service and tasteless food.  Waited over 10min after being seated and the servers were standing around talking.Ordered Pad Thai and Pad See Yew.  Both were absolutely lacking in any flavor and the Pad Thai had very little chicken and no peanuts or green onion as other reviewers noted.Would not return.
Ugh, I can't even begin to describe how disgusted I feel about having been tricked into eating at this restaurant. I have a strict policy to avoid any restaurant that touts serving a combination of cuisines (e.g., Italian and Mexican, Vietnamese and Chinese) since it's obvious that specializing in one is challenging enough. But it wasn't blatantly apparent from the outside that Pho Vietnam (Vietnamese) and Capital Seafood (Chinese) were one and the same entity.Craving pho, my boyfriend led us to the door in front of the Pho Vietnam signage even though it clearly read, "Please use other door." (We were suffering from denial at that point in time.) After confirming that the Pho Vietnam doors didn't open, we resorted to opening the Capital Seafood doors. I was beginning to fear what was to come. My fight-or-flight instincts started kicking in after I saw "Vietnamese restaurant" written in Chinese on the front of Pho Vietnam's menu. By the time our waitress carelessly tossed the Capital Seafood menu in front of us, I was ready to bolt for the door.Resigned to eating here, my boyfriend ordered the pork & shrimp spring rolls and a bowl of pho (total = $12). The spring rolls were fresh and seemed okay, but the lukewarm pho just wasn't right. It was missing cilantro and lacked the level of green onion I would expect, the beef was tougher than I was used to, and the broth seemed like it originated from a chicken rather than a cow. Blech. The verdict: This amalgamation of two restaurants validates my phobia of establishments that serve two or more cuisines. But at least it wasn't an expensive lesson. I just never want to end up in one of these places ever again.
Obviously, you aren't coming here because it is in any way cool, or because of the 80's decor. You got kids with you or others whose palette doesn't extend past burgers and fries. These limitations can be overlooked. What can't be forgiven, however, is the shabbiness of this place. It looks like it gets vacuumed once a week, and the bathrooms are disgusting.
I really, really wanted to like this place. I have been searching for a great Chinese place in Madison and have turned up empty handed. Having been to China and loving the food, I thought I would trust other reviewers that said the food was "authentic" and "delicious". We ordered--kimchee (actually the best thing), vegetable spring rolls (too much doughrice paper and oddly spiced), yau choi in oyster sauce (pretty good, a bit bland, my bf was not a fan), vegetable tong mein (was supposed to come with gyoza, it did not, overpowering flavor of sesame oil, noodles were ok, not great), my boyfriend got a seafood dish that was absolutely terrible--the seafood was nowhere near fresh (there was a long piece of calamari with rubbery material that slapped back into his face when he took a bite, and the flavor was bland).I guess it was against better judgement to order seafood here--or go here in general, as the dining room was completely empty during prime dinner hours on a Friday. Our server was lamentable at best, she did not offer suggestions, and seemed hurried by her other responsibilities (and her boss was yelling to her from the kitchen) the entire time. It was if she had never been trained to serve--when I asked questions she would just shrug, and say "are you ready"I did really want to like this place, but sadly it was not meant to be. We took most of our food to go (as I hate wasting food), but ended up throwing it out for fear of encountering it again.
Salty as fuck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Worst indian food I have ever eat in US.  If you read my review I bet you that you will regret if you give a try to this place. it's a joke of indian food. I have been eating paneer kadhai from 20 years and I know how it should taste. It was horrible. first time I went for dine in and the food was horrible , customer service was awful.  After 6 month we taught we will do take out order and will order something else than we ordered last time. I honestly thrown it in garbage as I felt horrible taste and smell in food. I didn't wanted to go sick after eating that.
I love Korean food, so I was excited to try Hodori.  The first time I went, I thought the prices were a little high, but not unreasonable.  The "kimchi pancake" was tasty, but my bibimbap was quite bland.  As for the wait staff, they were not very friendly, but brought everything out on time. Overall, I was content with the experience, but certainly wasn't impressed. However, my second experience at Hodori was awful.  We literally waited at our table for an hour to have our order taken--they told us the kitchen was too backed up to receive any new orders. (Meanwhile the two tables around us ordered and received their dinner.) We decided to leave, but they assured us we could order and that we would get our food in twenty minutes.  In reality, it took another hour and ten minutes to get our food.  I tried a kimchi soup this time--it was alright, but not worth the wait or price.  I NEVER stiff wait staff, having worked in food service myself. But I planned to make an exception this time, as waiting to be served for over two hours after being seated is ridiculous. However, they added a mandatory 18% gratuity to our bill.  Even thought this meant a few dollars per person, we all felt so cheated for being forced to pay for such poor service. They did apologize at the end for the wait and brought out complimentary ice cream. But at that point, we were just ready to get out of there. I would NOT recommend this restaurant and will certainly not be returning there in the future.UPDATE: It's one thing to have bad service, but I spent the next day throwing up. On my birthday. I mean, really And no, it wasn't because I'm not used to the food--I've had actual Korean food in Seoul without any problems at all.
Food is great just don't like that they charge 50cents more if u use your debit card under $10 purchase. That is not a selling point by doing that only drives people away from coming back.
Looking at all if the reviews I thought this would be the perfect choice for my landscaping needs. I am looking to do additional landscaping in the very near future with getting some grass put down and was looking to discuss both transactions to get things rolling. So Friday I call- no answer. Went to voicemail. So I waited about an hour and called back. This time I left a message with my number and my address in case they wanted to check out the place before any quotes were given. Here we are on Tuesday and still haven't been contacted at all in any way. I have a few other places bookmarked that I'll contact now but this was the best rated so I figured this was the best choice hands down. Business must be good I guess.
Worst service I have ever recived in my life. Ordered food for my toddler to come out first and it came out last. Waitress was awefull and tried making excuses why a table that was seated and ordered after us had there food before us.
The reasons why I am giving it one star are twofolds:- Horrible and slow service: waiters look a bit lost, they didn't come take our order until I asked. We ordered an appetizer and two bowls of ramen, and had to wait 45 min before we got our food- The gyoza: the meat tasted sour with an aftertaste, as if it was expired (maybe it was actually expired). I pretty much spit the gyoza out.Now, the ramen and broth is actually pretty good and the portion of chashu (the meat) is quite generous. But I wouldn't go back, as I got so frustrated by the waiting time, waiters didn't really apologize and when I said the meat in the gyoza was probably expired, they still charged us.
Wow, I do not get why so many people like this place unless they like it because it is ethnic and different.I went with a group of friends, some of whom are vegetarian. We had 3 children with us. It is in a strip mall on University. It has very basic decorating. The owner was our waiter, his wife was in the restaurant and so was his child who ran around the whole time.We ordered 2 of the large assortment platters where you get a scoop of everything. We ordered injera bread and various drinks. I frankly felt overcharged for scoops of food that were CLEARLY not freshly prepared but froma steam table. Who knows when it was prepared! Sorry if you do not agree but food from a steam table is not worhty of the price they charge. I will not go back again. This is not the first Ethiopian restaurant we have been to and not the best.
Walked in tonight, Wednesday, at 9:50, the place was empty. Asked for a table, the hostess told us one moment when she finds one for us, then proceeded to walk to a dirty table and clean it!  The phone rang and she answered it as we stood at the door. When she hung up the phone she walked back to the table and proceeded to clean it again!!  Didn't say a word to us. Unbelievable!  Will not be back there-- rude hostess!
I wanted so much to like Pei Wei. I did. I went twice, getting different dishes both times. My mom raved about it, so I gave it a shot... and while I can't remember what I ate, I do recall bad stomach pains and not being able to get the taste out of my mouth for some time. And by some time, I mean I went here for dinner both times, didn't feel so hot after dinner... then felt awful the entire next day. I have to do my stomach a favor and not touch this food again.
A group of friends and I tried it out (was my second time eating here) last week and we ALL got sick. We all had different things, and the food was greasy and gross. I do not recommend this place and I won't be back.
Wouldnt be a bad idea to fire all the waitresses and hire all new ones. Ones who dont treat their customers like they're the ones that ripped the heads off all their dolls and spit into the stuffing when they were little.Just wanna copy and paste a buddy's review of this place from 5 months back. ---Elnino F.2 star rating6102010i take it back!!! a business cannot prosper if their employees are snippy, impertinent, and unpolished!!---Yo El! it's 5 months later! guess what dawg. the employees are STILL SNIPPY, IMPERTINENT AND UNPOLISHED!!Yes Tea Station is a respectable chain in CaliforniaYes this location is a franchiseYes the teas and food are quite niceNo that doesnt mean they can treat paying customers like scum when all we're asking for is just a little extra attention.I guess i should put some details in. Okay here we go.It seems every time we ask for the bill they take their sweet time bringing it to us but never want to retrieve it. On two separate occasions i thought about just walking out on the bill and waiting outside to see how long it'll take for them to notice.On one occasion i got fed up with waiting for them to collect the money that i walked up to the register to do it myself. The cashier didnt even look at me, no eye contact, no face contact, no general direction just grabbed the bill from my hand like it was money i owed her, thrust-ed the receipt in my general direction and turned away to avoid more human contact. Not even a thank you.Another occasion the waitress acted like she was a servant that just got called away from her one moment of rest when we asked for more napkins and by her body language and slouch of her shoulders she REALLY didnt want to bother with those napkins but was forced to.
I'm always at Smith's Grocery store in the same plaza and am always curious about this place, so when my parents were in town visiting, I suggested we check it out because it just looks HUGE from the parking lot and plaza.  Umm not the case. It's a really small casino, and you're lucky to get a machine. We went on a Wednesday night and found it difficult to find one. Stayed maybe 15 minutes and decided to head to Sunset Station. Won't be back.
Ordered a Cubano sandwich and fried plantains. The plantains were burnt. The cubano was fantastic. Tender juicy meat BUT THERE WAS A HAIR IN MY SANDWICH. I'm so disappointed!
The lady in the office was not helpful at all and didn't even seem to understand anything including the English language. I made a reservation ahead of time online through OneStopParking for parking at Sundance. The woman said they had no record of my reservation - after she asked for my name several times which is an easy name, nonetheless, she could have just asked me for my ID instead of asking for my name almost 5 times. Then she asked me to email her my reservation which I did and she kept asking me what my rate was. I had a receipt that said I would owe $32 total for my parking fee. Plus side is the shuttle drivers know what they are doing and are very convenient. When I checked out, they said I owed $42 which is $10 more than the prepaid parking I had arranged = and no, I did not use any additional time = my flights were on time and I actually had my car parked there less time than I had booked for myself at the $32 rate. Very disappointed with this company, I hope they either get their act together or go out of business. POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE SKILLS when I asked them to refund my $10. Thanks a ton stupid parking Nazis.
I just got a take out from here, the Beef Kabob. There is a reason I get take out,  I can't cook. But I darn sure could have cooked this one. I got white rice (Uncle Bens), some meat that had been cooked on the grill straight from the cow, no spices  sauces or anything extravagant lke that, and a half onion that might have passed over the grill on the way to my takeout box.A hint of yellow coloring that may have been either saffron or crayon, I'm not sure. It sure looked pretty but didn't taste like anything.$18 bucks after take out tip, I wish I'd just gone to Wendy's.
This place is not what it's cracked up to what it USED to be. The sandwiches (now) lack flavor and they charge an arm and a leg. I paid $18 for 2. The mushrooms are gross - straight from the can. I used to love this place, and would make my way to get there. Totally disappointed. Don't waste your time. One star because they're fast - go figure.
People are right about this place!Service is aweful, they get upset if you don't order softdrinks!Their dim sum isnt great, and they recycle food, and leftoverdim sum is reserved to another sucker!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!THey also have a credit card minimum which is against themerchant credit card terminal agreement. Very unethical place!
Not a big fan... They nickel and dime you. I ordered the lettuce wraps and they do not serve enough lettuce with the order.  I asked for one additional piece of iceberg lettuce and they charged me $1.00!!!! I could have walked to Albertson's next door and bought an entire head of lettuce for 59 cents!!!
ok first I'd like to start off by saying I've eaten here many of times and the food was alright, but this last visit was like I was on another planet! The girl that took our order was very unprofessional and didn't know what she was doing. We ordered simple breakfast foods such as pancakes and scrambled eggs and over easy eggs! Our food came out all wrong there was no over easy eggs and scrambled to this place means omelet style! Next there was no butter for my pancakes so I asked the girl if they had butter and she said for what I said for my pancakes and she says you eat butter with your pancakes Wait a minute! What happened to this place Who doesn't it pancakes without butter, seriously where was this girl from what kind of new owners are these Then in comes this lady who walks straight to the back talking LOUD like she was the owner or something (and I hope she wasn't cause that was just no way to enter this establishment) she comes out from behind with her food already made while customers infront of me were still waiting for there food shes already eating her food! This place is a JOKE! Never going back! Telling all my friends to stay far away from this place! Something went array with this place cause it use to be better service and friendly smiles BEFORE, now you get the sense that even the people who work there are unhappy and very unfriendly who wants that type of service! Cmon owners get your stuff together food and customer service or you will find yourself closing down without any patrons!
We showed up and it was a full house, including a party of 35.  Apparently, this party of 35 just showed up, no reservations, no warning.  Given that information, we were VERY understanding and willing to wait, because we really love the food here.  However, juggling a large party, and the bevy of usual Saturday night diners effectively was apparently beyond their capabilities.  Based on previous reviews it sounds like my experience was not an isolated incident, they just CAN'T handle it when it gets that busy in there.  Unfortunately, they only had one server working the entire dining room that wasn't part of the party of 35.  She was almost running the entire time and looked totally frazzled.  She brought us appetizers and took our order.  One hour and forty minutes later, the minor at our table was threatening to eat the napkins, and my other dining companion was ready to walk out.  Over an hour and half wait for the main course is ridiculous, but what makes it even worse was the fact that our waitress didn't stop by even once to tell us what the hell was going on.  Things became even more ludicrous when we realized that several people had come, sat down, ordered, eaten, and left in that 1 hour and 40 minutes, and we still hadn't even seen our food yet.    One hour and 45 minutes later our food arrived, and our waitress said she was sorry it took so long, that it was crazy in the kitchen because of the party of 35, and that's all we got.  We waited all that time, didn't get refills, no extra apps to hold us over, no discount on the bill, nothing.  We ate in 15 minutes and then we were done.  It was the the most outrageous, unprofessional behavior we have ever encountered in a dining establishment. They might as well have told us to "get the F out" when we walked in the door, it would have been less insulting.
The restaurant had only Pepsi, house wine and corona to drink. My dad asked for Soda Water. They offered Pepsi... yikes. The water was served in tiny glasses. The salad was drenched in cheap tasting Kraft italian dressing. We sent it back. Then it was drenched in some strange overly zesty (probably Kraft) avocado dressing. We sent that back and finally they just threw a bag of leaves on a plate. No tomato, no cucumber. Very bitter. My Dad wanted to send it back again, but my Mom was too embarrassed to.The ratatouille that my mom ordered was just green peppers. Normally there are more vegetables in such a dish. The saving grace was the owner played violin with piano and that was nice. But I wouldn't recommend this restaurant, even though our waiter was very friendly (although he didn't know the menu well.)
I was so excited to try the pupusas after reading the reviews, but all the hype didn't reflect my experience.....located in a bright blue building, it was very unassuming....we entered through the back into a dimly lit, but very clean dining area.  The menu sounded good and had photos of everything to make it easy to choose.  my daughter and We ordered the Plato Tipico to get an idea of what they had to offer.   The tamale smelled and tasted of funky fish (I think it was actually pork and potato) with under cooked masa, there were beef empanadas, deep fried hard things that I think were potato and the bean and cheese pupusas...everything tasted of the oil it was cooked in and was very bland.  The cabbage slaw accompaniment was of no help in adding flavor.  I also had the horchata which was very good.  We tried ordering a dessert, however after taking our order, the server came back several minutes later to tell us they were out so we ordered something else only to be told later they were out of that too.  Finally we ordered the pork, bean and cheese pupusas to give one more try...it was very cheesey but bland with an odd meat taste.  Overall a very disappointing experience.
We wanted to like Wally's as we live close and like to eat out often. But we have gone there a few times now and we have not had a good experience.  The food is ok, but the service and ambience leave a lot to be desired.  We like to sit at the bar to keep it simple, but the bartender couldn't wait for the night to end. A. request for water was ignored, as well as just ignoring us in general.  We looked around and the servers seemed to be staring at customers hoping they would just leave.  No one greeted us coming in, and true to form, no one thanked us on our way out.  We like to eat out and we prefer to stay close to home, but we will travel farther to go to a restaurant that wants our business.
This place keeps changing owners, so I thought I'd give it another shot.  Saying that it's even worse than before is a bit of an understatement.  Service was non existent, they didn't have most of the things on the menu, latte was more like a warm milk. There are far better coffee shops in Tollcross.  Won't be going back.
They have the raw meat placed before the veggies so the patrons use the veggie tongs to fill their bowls containing raw meat and then the tongs go back into the veggies.  This creates a disgusting cesspool of bacteria on the veggies.  I'm shocked someone hasn't died from dining here.
Quite possibly the most miserable hotel experience of my life. noisy, dirty, poorly renovated and the WORST customer service known to man. The way I was treated by the front desk was enough reason to never step foot within a mile radias of this place. Doesn't even deserve one star in my book. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
This place reminded me of eating in a thrift store. If you can get over that, you'll probably enjoy it. I believe that their menu is 100% vegetarian.  I just couldn't get over the fact that I was eating amongst people's old possessions.
Ummm, we're pretty sure my boyfriend got food poisoning here. That was the last thing we had eaten for hours, and the next morning he DEFINITELY had eaten something bad after waking up... yikes.
Horrible customer service from the manager... the food is standard Panera Bread quality and not worth a trip back to this location. I walked in on 1228, Sunday morning, Melissa the cashier was friendly and efficient. Then the manager, who was unorganized, running around (it wasn't busy) and creating a chaotic atmosphere appeared. Her name was Jessica, as I asked the cashier before I left. She didn't smile or offer a greeting to customers, instead she was rudely speaking to the team (complaining about a new person not understanding how to make a drink and being overwhelmed herself). The cashier and another team member were making 2 smoothies which had been ordered, 1 of them was mine. All was good then Jessica haphazardly delegated other tasks to the team members. My smoothie was finished mixing but needed to be poured into a cup. I asked if she could pour mine before moving on to the next one so my order could be completed. She said, "sir I know you want me to be 15 people but I'm only one person!". I responded, "focus on finishing 1 task before moving on to another." In addition, the team serving the sandwiches is average at best. Engage your team and delight your customers to ensure repeat business and you'll also be able to take down the "now hiring" sign. This Panera is lacking in both areas and I will not be returning, it's simply not worth it in terms of value.
I flew in on business from San Francisco. I was there Wednesday. It was easy to find within the mall. Ibought myself two birthday cupcakes, a Red Velvet (I was told it's their best seller) and a Triple Chocolate. The cupcakes are pricey but also bigger than most (they're damned near Costco-size).I was disappointed. I love a good cupcake and was maybe expecting too much (what with all the high ratings). The cake portion of each cupcake was moist, fresh and quite tasty (cake deserves 4 stars). The frosting, however, surprised me (and not in a good way...I would give no stars).Triple Chocolate - I expected to bite into thick, rich, creamy chocolate buttercream...what I got was a whipped-chocolate topping (a sad substitute, for my taste buds). Red Velvet-I expected a rich cream cheese frosting and (AGAIN!) got a whipped topping that tasted little like a cream cheese frosting.I won't return here on my next trip. I'll try another place (even if I have to drive some miles) or get my cupcake fix in san Francisco.
Being from Louisiana, I'm a huge Smoothie King fan.  Lately they've changed all of their recipes and no longer use any real fruit.  Their general smoothie recipe is now 90% ice and 10% fruit juice.  GIANT waste of money as it probably costs them about 50 cents to make a large.  You can do better.
Not worth it...
I made a special trip to go to the Havana Cafe to buy food for my mother who was just put into hospice care. Imagine my surprise when I arrived at 3:30pm and was told that I could not order off the lunch menu because the kitchen was switching to dinner service. I pointed out that the front door has a sign stating lunch is served until 4pm. The hostess got the manager who refused to allow me to order off the lunch menu. I suggested they change their lunch hour to end at 3:30 instead of 4pm so this wouldn't happen to anyone else. As far as the food, I am Hispanic, and my food makes this food taste like fast food. I only went there for convenience. What a huge disappointment!
"Hey, Kerstin! Why are you eating a grilled cheese for dinner Didn't you just eat out""Yeah, but we ate at Miracle Mile."'Nuf said, really, but our experience was such an epic fail, I must elaborate a bit. This was Hubby's suggestion, mind you, and he was pleased they had several vegetarian options. After a lunch of Peter Piper, however, even his lame veggie sandwich was pretty good to him. We'll see if I have to rush him to the ER later, since MM served sprouts when no one else is right now due to a contamination issue. He got his sandwich with a supposed potato knish. This was supposed to be creamy mashed potatoes with sour cream and seasonings in a pastry crust. What he got was an overly peppered dried out, square of potato chunks in an unnatural color wrapped in an anemic crust that had zero taste, crunch, or flake to it. It had that speckled look that old pastry gets. If this is what a knish is supposed to be, then they nailed it.I got the chicken and noodles with a side of mashed potatoes. It came with two inexplicable slices of untoasted bread. What is this 1950 At least it wasn't Wonder Bread. It was wheat. I had asked for sour dough, when one guy told me there were no caraway seeds in the rye they served me initially. There were. The manager "saved" me by correcting his employee about the caraway, only to be given the third degree by the ghetto tart working the register. "Why don't you like caraway" she asked. I tried not to stare at her ridiculously over-plucked eyebrows and garish make-up as I replied, "I really don't like the taste." When she asked me "Why" a second time, you'll be happy to know that I refrained from informing her that the gang-bangers she was obviously trying to attract would not likely be frequenting  this establishment. Anyway, the chicken and noodles dish was complete mush and the "sauce" was totally canned, and topped with a lovely hunk of congealed cheese. It was also not to temp. The mashed potatoes were 75% instant with some red skins thrown in for that "real" texture. Foul, foul, foul. Hence, the grilled cheese.
RIB TIPS didnt have taste
I am sad people lost their jobs but I am not surprised.  We stopped in and stood and waited for 15 minutes to be seated, staff walked by us the bartender looked at us but they all ignored us.  Was it because we had kids   Not kid friendly at all, in the end we just walked out.
You better run from this place.  The owner must be a crook!  Our house was burglarized and the police found our very expensive watch for sale at this store.  My husband went with the detective to pick up the watch and the owner was rude and arrogant.  The police told us multiple times that this business is well known for buying stolen goods off the street and they continue to buy items from criminals although the police keep coming to their store and identifying stolen goods.  If you buy something from these guys you better make sure it has papers, authenticity and can be verified that it wasn't stolen.  Too bad that a local business would do this to their own clientele.
I walked into Sammy's expecting a ny style corned beef sandwich and that is not what you get. I don't think Sammy has ever even had a good corned beef sandwich. Meat was dry under seasoned and Luke warm. The bread was just sliced supermarket bread. I hate to say it but giant eagle makes a better sandwich than this place. Don't waste your time
So....I read the reviews on Yelp & Urban Spoon.Mostly negative, but hey I was hungry and gave it a shot.It's true the place is dingy & like entering a Greek grandfather's home. I was first asked  if I wanted huumus. I declined that after reading is was mediocre at best. So I tried the $5.25 saganaki. It came out in an old brown dish with what looked like rubber floating in lemon juice and oil. * The owner failed to mention the pita bread was extra.It tasted WORSE than it looked (if that was possible). Tough cheese mostly tasteless and chewy. * I have had many saganaki in various countries. This ranked as one of the VERY worst! I made the best decision to leave before food poisoning set in. Bottom line:  HORRIFIC !!!
When I first went over a year ago, the prices were reasonable. Prices have been going up quite a lot and food standards have been dropping. Their noodle soups are still reasonably priced, but of poor value -- the meat and ingredients are typically of very poor quality, e.g., rough, dry, tiny. Satay chicken are dry, hard, and very pricey. Meats in dishes are quite sparing in amount. I wish there was a good Malaysian restaurant in Edinburgh. There is another with a very very limited menu, but higher quality. We will visit Kampong Ah Lee now only if I am very desperate now. If they could improve their quality or lower their prices back to a reasonable level, we would come back.
I ordered the $39.99 all you can eat meat; all of the meats were very dry!! The worst of the worst was the lamb, dry as hell and very gamey tasting. The worst lamb I've ever had. The acceptable items were the flank steak and the turkey wrapped in bacon, but not by much. Don't wast your time, money, or the opportunity to eat somewhere else.
Eat first before you go!!!!Ok food, but kid portions, spent $90 for a family of four and left hungry!Added insult is 18% mandatory tip for parties of 4 or more( I thought the IRS changed the rule about that).So in short, first and last time!
As a brazilian i did not like tis restaurant. This not near a good churrascaria like brasa or fogo de chao and the maitree was very mean with me and my friends. The sides are poor, not even a black beans was served. The waitress forgot our table many times. The music volume was too high, we asked to move our table because we were on the direction of the aound box and the meat was good. But not anything special and i did not try all of them because the people keep forgettin where we were sitted. The only thing good on this restaurant was the guys that cut the meat for me. If you expect to have a real churrascaria experience, do not go to this restaurant. Try the other brasilian restaurants on montreal.
we went for tapas on a saturday night, the food was awful, the cheese and meat plate was pre-prepared and so old an cold we hadto chisel the meat off with a fork and the cheese was stained from sausage slices resting on them for who knows how long! the rest got no better just more expensive, both the scallops and lamb we tastless, the calmari was soft and still had the stringy membrane attached, yuck! never going back
Horrible service. Just placed an order  and they gave my food to the wrong person, gave me no compensation, and took far longer to  finally get me my order than they told me. I like vegan food, but don't be such a**holes, especially when you screw up.
The wait was almost as bad at the food, I felt so cheated after waiting to be seated just to eat this well below standard dim sum.
I would like to try this place, but they are unresponsive to customers.  It seems that they tried to advertise with Groupon, and then didn't actually like it when customers tried to redeem their Groupons.--Did not answer the phone repeatedly--Actually spoke to her once, and she told me to text her.  I texted, got no reply.--Showed up at the restaurant at 4:30PM on a Saturday, and the doors were locked.  No answer to knocking or calling the phone.  --Other customers were outside, waiting.  One couple actually had a 4PM reservation, and was still waiting outside nearly an hour later.Tina's Ethiopian Cafe is not treating their customers with respect, and this is unacceptable.
A disappointment. The casino itself was nice but that's it. You have to pay for drinks. The players card they offer is a joke. You have to play a certain amount if money before you get any free play.
One of the worst experiences I have ever had at a brewery or winery. Sat down at a table for 3 in the bar area. 3pm on 1226. Half-empty. After 7 minutes and not being helped, despite 3 servers + a bartender, I walked to the bar and asked the bartender if we could order from him or if someone was coming to the table. He said someone would be there in a minute. 5 minutes later, timed btw, not one person came up to us, yet checked on various tables to see if people who already had placed orders or had food were ok. The bartender knew we were waiting, saw multiple servers come up to the bar, and said nothing. Sorry, but 12 minutes to wait for sometime to come by a table for a couple of beers is absolutely ridiculous. As we walked out, we passed one of the servers who didn't even acknowledge us, even though she had seen us waiting there. This place should be ashamed of its unbelievably poor customer service. Truly appalling. Have a great beer somewhere at the strip and skip this brewery.
We had a family emergency in phoenix. I have always used Holiday Inn for my travel lodging since I travel for business so much. I am one of their preferred platinum members and over the course of the past year I have accumulated a lot of reward points. I figured that I would use my reward for one night free while staying in phoenix this time to off set some additional expenses we might have. I arrived late that night to check in, I am told that the only suite left is on the second floor so I take this. I was told that my room was around the back ( second bldg closest the the  free way. I pull around into the parking which was packed, parked rather far from the door and began my search for my room ( no maps avail or offered) I look at the building and it is shaped like the letter U. Hmmm. Second bldg closest the the free way would mean in the middle. After searching for a bit I concluded that I was given the wrong directions. It was in fact the last bldg (next to the hwy ) and the room was on the interior wall of that bldg. Ok so now I am a bit annoyed. I go back out for the rest of my luggage and receive a phone call while getting my things out of the car. The phone call was from a family member reporting on the emergency we were having. While I am on the phone two security people decide it wise to approach my vehicle and insist that I roll down the window and tell them if I am a hotel guest and if so which room am I in. ( I guess the lugage in the back wasn't a clue enough nor the fact that I was upset with a phone to my ear. After concluding the call I take the rest of my luggage in. I might add that the entrence to my room involved an exterior entrance gate ( with broken handle) going down an external hall, waiting for the smallest elevator on earth to come down and finally arriving at my room. The interior of the room was "OLD" but clean. The doors were in ill repair and in need of replacement. The interior is not up to date which the standard Holiday Inn's that I have stayed at the past year. The only exception to this the bed which Is very comfortable. Drapes, furniture and room decor need updating to new Holiday Inn specs.The second day of our stay we returned to be locked out of our room. On check in I had used a reward for one night and paid for the second. OOPS someone forgot to tell me that I would have to "re check in" This was really handy with my husband arriving the next day waiting in front of the external gate, hands full of luggage trying to get in. We had to repack the car with his luggage and return to check in. WHen I asked " why wasn't I told this" the young man that checked me in the night before proceeded to argue that he had. I advised him this was not the case or I would have done this before I had left that morning. He still insisted he was right and I was wrong. Annoyed i proceeded to Re Check in. The lady which heard the entire conversation then proceeded to ask me again for ID and credit card even though the young man said he checked me in the night before, even though he told her that he knew who I was and what room I was in, even though I had two room keys and confirmed the room that they belonged to and even though my credit card was on file. Second morning, my husband gets up wondering where the paper is. As premier members we are supposed to receive a paper in the AM. He goes to the front desk to inquire. AT 7 AM in the morning on a Sunday he was told that they didn't have any and that he could run down to circle K to get one. THE WORST HOLIDAY INN EXPERIENCE EVER. THANK YOU FOR MAKING OUR FAMILY EMERGENCY THAT MUCH MORE STRESSFUL.
I really would love to give a better rating to a vegan restaurant. Unfortunately, I was disappointed with EVERYTHING. 1. I waited 40 min for a take out (with only 2 occupied tables at that time)2. A guy who ordered after me got a free piece of cake for the long wait. (it wasn't offered to me) 3. Terrible service 4. The decor is something you see in senior houses in Sun City5. Almost all items on the menu have soy protein.. TVP Is it really something healthy or it's some sort of cardboard pretending to be food6. They packed my to go order in such a way that the soup turned before I got to my car, soaking thru the paper bag, landing on my pants, and on the sidewalk...  I went inside to tell them that- NO apology, NO money back. I wonder why they are not closed yet.
First time at this fair. We went on $2.00 day which was nice. I would have been upset paying $40.00 to get it this thing. The parking is a joke. We were in traffic and sat there and watched these people change the signs from $15.00 parking to $20.00 parking. I have never in my life seen such a thing. Then we had to pray we didn't get ran over by crossing the street. So we go to the vendor part which is my favorite of any fair. What a joke. No samples, hardly any demonstrations. So we walked around for a few and decided to  pass on all the expensive deep fried food and go eat at a nice place for cheaper. I think I'll stck with the Washington state fair in Puyallup.
I usually never have a problem here, but I just got talked to like I was a pile of crap stinking up the place.I came to get snus and they were out of the regular flavor and I was like shucks and the guy (beady eyes, dark hair, mustache, glasses) just sort of looked at me like he was already tired of me. So I asked "when are you getting any more in" You know, a normal customer question when things are out of stock....and he just huffs and says in the most contemptuous way possible "UH well MAYBE at the end of NEXT WEEK after we MOVE to the NEW LOCATION"...with a scowl on his face while shaking his head and turning to his pipe.I was just taken aback and said "oh you're moving huh" and he whips his head back scowling 'YEAH, we're MOVING", continuing to shake his head and turning away as if I should have known all along and just inconvenienced him with the dumbest question he's ever heard. Well excuuuuse me, I didn't get the memo! It's not like I came in seconds to closing or that I was interrupting him while he was busy, there was nobody else in the place. So I just silently walked out, never to come back! Obviously I'm not welcome anymore. Way to think that one through, old BOY. I wished I had said something but this is more constructive. No use trying to reason with that cantankerous, condescending old codger attitude. I need to quit anyway, so thanks for helping me kick the habit. Seriously, how about take a vacation or try exercising once in your life already, if that's all it takes to unload your bad day or moving woes on regular customers you're expected to treat with common courtesy. You know, since your brick and mortar tobacco industry sort of depends on it....that whole free-market thing...
The food has gotten better over the years, but the service remains one of the rudest in the city. For some reason, the people who work here could care less about their customers, and it shows. The food is decent, but there are other just as solid choices when it comes to Asian food not just in Pittsburgh, but in Squirrel Hill as well.
Oh shit!  Literally.  I was at this location on Sunday night (22507) and it was horrible.  The first thing we noticed was that there weren't any dishes.  It was like nothing new was being washed and brought out for customers to use.  Then the place started to smell bad... and then we noticed the waste water bubbling up from the floor drains behind the salad bar.  It was like something out of a horror movie.  We left in a hurry... a drainage grate in the parking lot was flowing with more raw sewage.  It was amazingly gross.  Any good experiences I've ever had in this place are moot... I'm never going back to this location again.
I would recommend to find another doctor in this field.2014 has been a tough year, both professionally and personally.  I admit, my general idea of psychiatry may be a bit too Hollywood, but I was under the impression that I would meet with a psychiatrist, determine the areas of my life that have given me concern due to emotional duress and then, after several discussions, if a solution couldn't be found, as a last resort, I would have to consider and probably go on medication...once again, as a LAST RESORT.Forget the fact that my appointment to meet with Dr. O'Keke was at 2:30 and I waited until 4:00 to see him.  Forget the fact that after inquiries about the late time, the only response given was..."he's just running a bit behind."  No, ten minutes is a bit behind.  Two hours is UNACCEPTABLE!!!When I finally met with Dr. O'Keke, he was condescending and patronizing and wouldn't make eye contact with me, only kept reading the report that his underling staff had gotten from me an hour prior.  We spoke for ten minutes, wherein, he criticized most of my decisions in life and did his best to make me feel even worse about myself.  Mind you, this was in the span of ten minutes, upon which, he prescribed me THREE medications that should make me feel better.  He instructed me to set another appointment for two weeks from today, but I simply left without a backwards glance.  I promptly tore the prescription up and threw it away.I think I'm more angry with myself for sticking around for the extra hour and a half to be seen only for it to be so underwhelming.  I could have saved a co-pay and not missed half a day of work.
The gelato counter was disappointing.  The woman who served us told us that it was "rated in the top 5" gelatos in the country and added that it was "from Philadelphia."  Isn't that the same as "not made fresh in Pittsburgh"  When we asked if we could mix flavors, she said that we couldn't do that because "it's too messy."  What she should have said was that the portion would be too small to able to mix.  She oh so carefully dipped less than a full scoop and dropped it in the cup.  The gelato wasn't good enough to be short scooped, even in a fancy chocolate shop in the Strip district.  Maybe they figure that the tourists who stop there won't be coming back anyway.  If you find yourself at Mon Aimee Chocolat and want gelato, leave immediately and go to Mercurio's on Walnut St. in Shadyside.   There you'll find better gelato, more flavors, which you can mix, and you'll be served with a smile.
Been living here for many years.   Sports bar with betting, usually fun but since proximity to ghetto can become unpredictably dangerous even though staff tries their best. Owner cane in and yelled at his staff infringement of patrons. . Kind of unprofessional but it is a kind of a dive.  Not for family or dates.
Why would they 'fix' something that wasn't broken  The place used to be slammed all the time but not any more.If I wanted cheap Asian slop on plastic I'd go to Panda Express down the street.  Pei Wei was my favorite place to eat and now I hate it there.  All my favorite things are gone from the menu.  My beloved Pad Thai and the Thai Dynamite are gone and so am I.
Avoid this place at all cost.  I came based on the reviews but cleary not written but actual customers.  Place was empty on a Friday night and that's never a good sign.Ordered the carnitas burrito and it was bland, the meat over cooked and the rice was bad. Yuck!  That's what I thought.  Rest of the party ordered shrimp fajitas and carne asada plate and neither faired any better.  The pita bread that was supposed to be a tortillas I couldn't even eat it.  No chips and salsa to start with and the place was a little dirty.  Prices were about the only thing positive to write about.  If you want authentic Mexican food this isn't the place.
I go to this location fairly regularly and have never had a problem. Store is clean, employees are friendly, food is consistent. What more could I ask for Until tonight. I get my order to go, the crispy shrimp plate. The girl working the register was really nice, and I was in and out quickly.I finally get home and open my container. THE END of my good, reliable Ono experience. My shrimp are blackishgreenishbrownish...plainly, not something I am even going to take a bite of. (Gross!!!)The store was about to close and I wasn't going to be able to drive back in time, so I called the store feeling like I should give them a heads up. I don't know if these things could make a person sick or not. (I do know I won't be the one finding out.) The girl that answers tells me, "Yeah, that's how they've been turning out."  Well, gee, that's great. Thanks for selling me something you KNOW is sub-par and far from edible. I guess I'll be going to Pete's the next time I want some fried shrimp, and that's a shame. I really like Ono's mac salad and the katsu sauce with the shrimp.To anyone else thinking about eating here -Maybe you should check your order before you leave. I'm sure this was a fluke and hopefully will be fixed soon, but I know how much I hate wasting money. And being hungry.
come on.... if you want Chinese, dont go to a chain owned by Americans.  THis is a waste of time and money.
I have in the past loved this place--but WHAT-SUPthe floor was dirty, the service slow and unattentive --if the waitress had ever asked I would have told her  the food was cold and tasteless--and that was the 'special' !!despite this the place was packed so i guess they are resting on their laurels... too bad.
I went into Dean of Shadyside salon to get my hair colored. My stylist was nice and friendly however that was not the problem that I encountered at this salon. My stylist rushed through the process of coloring my hair as she had another client during the same time as my appointment. In addition, my hair was just left to hang (not pulledclipped back) while my hair was being colored making the dark hair dye smear over my ears, neck and face. The worst part was checking out. The charge for the hair color was a decentnormal price around $50.00. However this salon charges you extra if you need more color (if you have thick hair). Are you kidding me On top on that, they also don't include the blow dry, which yes is more money. Not pleased with all the hidden costs behind my hair color service. Won't be back .
The karaoke host that is a short white bald guy sux!!!!!!He totally put a pillow so to speak on me and my husbands microphonesI have been coming here for years and all of a sudden this ridiculous karaoke hits shows up and ruins my entire experience! Even the other girl host says no one likes him and we for sure hate him
Food is ok by Chinese standard, not really authentic. Service was terrible. Place was very crowded, table was not clean, we waited twenty minutes for water. We ordered a tofu soup but got only four bowls and no spoons for six people, even though we asked several times. A white guy sitting in the corner was basically ignored by the waitress, I saw him waving his hand for ten minutes. The waitress checked our bill before we left and asked for a 15% gratuity, but the service was too bad, ruined the whole experience, we could only give 10%. Would never come again or recommend.
Provolone sticks arrived undercooked, cheese was fully solid, they tasted okay. The pizza also arrived undercooked, the dough itself was partially uncooked in the middle. I had to put it back into my own oven to finish it off, and then it was greasy and just okay.
I have honestly never, EVER been treated so poorly at a restaurant before. It must be nice to be Benjie M., who gave the place 5 stars and said Tina was sweet and friendly, because to me, Tina was one of the rudest people I've ever met. I had a Groupon, and so my boyfriend and I went in February on a Saturday night. We got there about 7:30. When we walked in the door, Tina was socializing with friends. When she saw us, she rolled her eyes and said, "ARE YOU SERIOUS! We closed like an HOUR AGO." Confused, I pointed out that their sign says that the last seating is at 8, and it was only 7:30. She told me that she didn't care and she'd decided to close early. We complained that the Groupon we had expired soon, and we wouldn't be able to come back before the expiration date. Tina sneeringly said, "Well didn't you see the SIGN" as she pointed out a small, hand written sign that all Groupons would be extended until March 28th. Disappointed, hungry, and a bit shaken by being spoken to so rudely, we left.Last night, we decided to come back and use that Groupon. We even made sure to get there nice and early, at 6. They were open, and we were seated. However, when we mentioned the Groupon this time, Tina said, "Oh that expired a long time ago." I reminded her of the sign she had had up saying that the Groupons would be extended until March 28th. She proceeded to give us a rambling, condescending lecture, basically amounting to the fact that she changed her mind, and refused to honor it.Needless to say, I really don't appreciate being treated like trash, and will never be coming back here again. If you want Ethiopian food, I'd recommend the Blue Nile Cafe in Tempe. Better menu selection, delicious food, pleasant staff, and comparable prices.
Inconsistent service seems to be what Komol is serving up lately. At the time I write this I'm currently holding the Duke status on the Yelp app from all my check-ins. And I've been a fan of Komol for almost 2 years now. Service over that time has seen some rough spots but my visit today was a first: I walked out without having been served the main part of my order. A little backstory... While Komol has an extensive menu with great offerings like their curries and vegetarian fare it's the Chili Mint Chicken that's my comfort food of choice. I've ordered it so much that most of the staff knows my order...they don't even have to hand me a menu. So yes I know Komol, and when they are on their game they totally blow away their competition across the parking lot. But then you get days like today where you ask for an extra egg roll and never get it. Or it takes them 35+ minutes to attempt to put out a simple plate of Chili Mint Chicken that can normally be done in under half the time. I understand the place gets busy or they have called in orders. But I've been there when the place was even busier and didn't see the delay I had today. And what makes it even more frustrating is my last visit was perfect in almost every way. But the visit before that was almost as bad as today...and this is all in the past 2 weeks. Thankfully there is a McDonalds down the street so a quick unhealthy Big Mac, fries, and a sweet tea kept me from going back to work hungry. But now that I no longer have an empty stomach I wonder how can I get a message across to the Komol staff that their service needs to improve The only option I have is to drop some stars...and express my frustration where it will get noticed and hopefully acted upon. Come on Komol....fix this mess. Until they make some changes...yeah, Eek! Me thinks not, one star territory seems appropriate. It's harsh...but then again I didn't feel so hot leaving hungry either.
First timers at the Melting Pot....perhaps our last    We weren't too happy about hidden costs they don't let you in on.  We went there for a special Valentines dinner and we were charged $5.95 for broth to cook our food..... "Hello.... How are we supposed to cook our meat"   Why should we be charged for that   We went with 3 couples and were charged that 3 times and we only had 2 pots!    Another "go figure" why when I order my meal off their special Valentines menu consisting of their serf and turf for $66.95 do I not get my own lobster  My husband and I had to share it.  My father-in-law had his own surf and turf and had a full lobster!  He was lucky his dining partner ordered the other choice offered, the turf.Hardly want to go into the gratuity that is included in the price!  That really bothers me when they do that..... Lucky for us she was a good waitress.
I'm mad now.We've been to Tverskaya three times now, and the food has been excellent each time. The prices are reasonable. On our most recent visit, my fiance and i treated our friends to dinner (see Crystal V.'s review). However, we used a restaurant.com gift certificate, and apparently this was a mistake.Near the end of our meal, our waiter informed us that the mandatory 18% gratuity specified on the gift certificate went directly to restaurant.com instead of the waiter's pocket. In fact, he further explained that this was how restaurant.com was able to offer such steep discounts on their certificates. I conferred with my fiancee, and we both understood this statement to mean that the waiter would be receiving no gratuity unless we left extra. Naturally, we left extra - another $25 on top of the 18%. We received good service and had a lovely meal, so why notEverything was fine until we got home and my fiancee sent off an email to restaurant.com, who promptly informed us that the waiter receives every penny of the 18% mandatory gratuity. In other words, we just left our waiter a 38% tip because he lied to us.Frankly, I feel a little violated. We have never been shy about tipping, and we were already intending to leave a few extra bucks to make up the difference (we normally calculate 20% and then round up). It is a shame, because I truly enjoy their food and I had a wonderful evening dining with friends. But I can't shake the feeling of being lied to, of being scammed. If you do go to Tverskaya, don't bring a restaurant.com certificate. If you do bring a certificate, be aware that the 18% is going to the waiter, not the website.After this, I'm not sure I'll be going back. There are plenty of other restaurants in town that value my business enough not to try and scam me.
Great Place if you have a lot of time to waste. . . .   Here's the breakdown. estimate time in increments of 5 minsabout 5 mins to get seatedanother 5 to get take our drinks10 mins to get the drinks and order our food10 mins for the food to arrive* 10 mins into eating . . . .  hmm . . . .  where's our server10 mins has past, drink cups are empty . . . .  .  hmm. . .  should I get a APB on our server15 mins later . . . .   how was everything  Whoa! his alive!!!another 5 mins to get the check. . . . wait my automatic watch stopped working . .  . . . .All in all the food is mediocre but with molasses type service and contraband prices this place to needs to be banned just like their cigars.
I ate here before but will never eat here again. I should also note that my previous Yelp review of Pop's had been requested from Pop's! For a reward of  'FREE french fries' in which they did accept but that's just like cheating in my opinion. Where's the yelping officials on this oneAfter working on the pops cheese steak truck for one day I realized this is not a steak and cheese at all. It's frozen meat "NOT FRESH" and they precook lots of that frozen meat and let it sit in water until ready to reheat for you to eat.  sound good I think not. I won't get started on the sanitation of this place, pop's and pop's cheese steak truck must have it easy with the heatlh department because I don't even think he has soap on the truck for washing hands. If I were you and looking for a steak and cheese I would look up other alternatives like some of these new food trucks around town like the "Yellow Lunch Box Truck" or "Food Slingers" in which they both serve fresh meat and it's even fresh rib eye. For a lower price as well. The Vegas Villain
Well this place is decent. The food was ok. I got the tamales but turn out they only have de "elote" I didn't liked them much. I messed up in what I got. But everyone else's plate was good.
oh primanti's, you always disappoint! how can so much food bear so little taste despite a brilliant premise (put all your edibles in the sandwich, leave your other hand free for the potables) the execution leaves much to be desired.1. these guys can never seem to cook their fries properly. they are always greasy on the outside, raw and mealy on the inside. don't think that just because they're INSIDE the sandwich doesn't mean you can get away with crappy fries.2. the bread. what the heck dudes if you're going to put 3 lbs of ingredients in the sandwich, try to use a bread that doesn't immediately turn into insipid play-doh in your hands.I like disgusting junk food as much as anyone (see my rave review of the O), but I wish the primanti's goons would put a little bit more effort into their sandwiches. seriously guys -- take some pride in your work and make something good for once. and check the thermostat on your fryolator already!
This review is based on SERVICE alone, or lack there of...We came in with a large party of 10.  It is hard to get seated in smaller places like this, so that is why we shy'd away from Monta (which is even smaller) my favorite in town.  I knew it would be an issue beforehand, but we were willing to wait.We were told 30min for our table....no problem.  Should be worth the wait, so we said we would wait outside, and wrote down our cell number on the list.  There were 10 of us...so we could not and would not just stand in front of the doorway, since others were also waiting for a table, and it was a huge congested area.  But that means we waited OUTSIDE in the cold....but still would rather do that, then be in eveyone's way with the 10 of us.We came in 25min on the dot, 5min before the estimated time.  They said they gave our table away since they called our name, and no one answered.  We asked why they didn't stick their head out the door and ask for us...we asked why they didn't call the number we wrote on the board.  There were also other parties waiting outside, so I am sure they got skipped too.They said it would be another 30min+ to get a table..since we would be put back on the bottom of the list.  I had to leave on principal alone.  Sucks because I really wanted to try this place...and was almost willing to wait an extra 30min, but the rest of my party had a sour taste after they did this to us.Maybe I will come back when there is only 2-3 of us...but just be weary if you have to wait...stay inside because they won't call, and they won't yell your name outside.
Just came back from that festival. I don t want to be bad. We are from Europe. This is a real joke. Between charlemagne ( 8th century), the elephants, and the renaissance it is almost 600 years between!  You pay 20 dollars for what! Park your car maybe in rocks!.you must pay everything inside. 1 dol to 6 dol at least. Just for rides. Family of 6. It hurts!. + food(awfull) drinks( I am not sure they put any alcohol in the cocktails($6 each). Go once and never go back. Good luck!
This was the first time we have stayed here but have eaten at the restaurants several times. I have always had good experiences at the restaurants. My experience at the hotel was not good. We swam at the pool and had some drinks for a good 3 hours until one of the staff came around and told everyone that they had to keep their drinks at least 4 feet from the water. Mind you, I had just been drinking in the pool for the last 3 hours. I have lived in AZ for 12 years and stayed at almost every resort in the Phoenix area and have never heard this before.  I would have been ok but my wife went to the bar to get another drink and decided to ask about this new Arizona law. She said that all of the staff seemed annoyed and they actually told her they were keeping on eye on what we were drinking. What! I won't be coming back.
The Arizona State Fair has sadly been ruined.You shouldn't have to work at having a good time. It felt like my cash was hemorrhaging and that was just the beginning. I have been a fan for a very long time and never expected it to come to this. They have gone crazy when it comes to prices. I spent over $300.00 last night for 3 kids and myself. You would think that would have included tons of fun, but sadly it was not. The atmosphere is sad and monopolized by individuals who act nastyrude towards other guests of the fair. Sure you can come on wristband day, but then it's ridiculous lines of people for each ride. I purchased numerous ticket cards and two of them had to be reset. Are you kidding me!!!!!!! Hundreds of dollars on tickets and you can't even guarantee they are on the card. I hope they change the venue. It's self explanatory why this needs to happen. Also we saw the end part of the big fight and watched cops with a group of 50+ teens yellingwalking through the Fair grounds. One of the officers even had his tazer ready to use while escorting the suspects towards an exit. The Arizona State Fair is not safe at night or welcoming. Please please please change your venue. I'm sure the Fair is saving tons of money by using that venue. However, you would make a ton of money at Westworld or something like that.  Again 7 dollars for a 30 second ride or 5-6 dollars for a ten second game is wrong. No reasonable justification and no accuracy within your card readers. I have been to the Arizona State Fair more times then I can count. The price gouging that is going on needs to end and should even be illegal. I really hope they read these reviews and don't underestimate what is happening here. I can safely say that after this experience I will not be coming back to the fair. I have been a very loyal customer for over a decade, but it's just not worth it.
The decor is amazing but it ends there......The service was brutal, our waiter was a complete moron he couldn't do anything right, he was slow and didn't know what was going on.As for the food it was inexpensive and for a reason, it was bland and not very good, I had a rib eye steak that was small and not very tasty. The dessert was not very good either, it was a lemon square with literally a teaspoon of sobert.Avoid at all cost.
This place is bad! The service is bad, the food is bad and the prices are high! With our party of 4, we had a similar experience as Christina L. Where different waiterswaitresses would come by and awkwardly take our order, then someone else would bring out that order and then someone else would arrive to help us further.. The crab rangoons were very small and tasted generic, like something I could buy frozen at food lion and the shrimp in our meals ALSO were not deveined... And every dish we ordered was flavorless and bland... The only thing I enjoyed was the wonton soup! And then at the end of our meal, around 9:45pm we stayed at the table to chat.. Being cautious that the restaurant hours printed on the door said they close at 11pm.. A waitress came to us at 10pm and said that they were closing and they needed us to pay now... O_o  So we got up to pay and leave and the cashier man ( looked like the manager ) was so cold.. He never asked how the food was or anything, just "this how much!" And swiped the cards... Such a waste of money and time.. Worst Chinese food ever!
I was excited about trying Dunkin' Donuts for the first time during my AZ stay. That is, until I brought an iced coffee and a dozen home for my family, and there was a spider on one of the glazed donuts. Not just chillin' there on it, but actually GLAZED ONTO it. A poor, defenseless spider frozen in time by sugary, sticky icing. I told this particular Dunkin' Donuts, and they said they were sorry. That's it. They were sorry and they were going to pull those glazed donuts off the shelves for the rest of the day. I didn't even like donuts that much to begin with, but I'll probably never eat one again. Wow. Thank you so much, DD!
Beautiful salad bar but this location has NO MEAT.....great for vegetarians but if I'm eating a salad for a meal then give me some protein.....PLEASE....first and last time here!!
We flew to Vegas on September 7 to attend the Gary Allan concert being held at Sunset Station.  I reserved a King Suite, spending approximately $675 for two nights using their prepay option which offers a discount.  Upon arrival I was asked if I had reserved a smoking room.  I had no idea that smoking rooms in hotels still existed and I told Ms. Irwin, the desk clerk, that I didn't want a smoking room.  Our "king suite" turned out to be Room 223, the hospitality suite located on the second floor near the meeting rooms.  For $675 we had a view of a wall on one side and the employee smoking area below the bedroom window.  While the room was spacious, the housekeeping was suspect.  Upon running a clean tissue over the floor I must have picked up hair and lint from the past year.  The employee smoking area below the window was somewhat noisy at night.  The casino being a 24-hour operation, there was always someone out there and I don't think they knew how well their voices carried. Upon checking out, I presented Ms. Irwin with the aforementioned tissue in a plastic bag and a list of things that just didn't seem right.  She said that I had stated I had wanted a nonsmoking king suite, implying it was my choice to take this second floor room.  I told her that I didn't think that room was often used for overnight guests, but received only minimal upkeep for hospitality functions.  She said that they could contact housekeeping and tell them they weren't cleaning well enough.  But she was clearly not going to do anything for me.  I think Ms. Irwin should have immediately contacted the manager.  I was somewhat frustrated and just walked out since there was a line of people behind me wanting to check out.  I somewhat expected a phone call within a couple of days of checking out, but I think "quick in  quick out" is the method of operation at many of these casinos.  Databases and frequent player cards have taken the place of customer service. Needless to say, this wasn't value for the money -- you can get a fairly nice room on the strip for $675 a weekend.  A clean room.  With a view.  Without a smoking area directly below your window.  But the Gary Allan concert was terrific and we learned an important lesson.
I'll keep this one short - DO NOT GO HERE! We waited about 20 mins to get a beer and then another 12 hr to get our check. Asked a couple other waitresses to get our waitress, but she seemed busy elsewhere. Finally came with our checks when a couple of us made it seem like we were walking out without paying.And btw, Flying Saucer is right around the corner and MUCH better. Go there instead. Seriously.
Wow, I just got back from shooting my bow here and I will never go back! From the moment I walked in the door these guys were rude and condescending. I know a thing or two about customer service and I have been shooting competitive archery for over 5 years, they missed the mark.I said "I would like to use your range" and the guy asked me "what for" Really What for You see this bow case in my hand buddyThen I wanted to use a allen wrench and they gave me one that was all stripped out, when I told him that it was no use he suggested that I purchase an allen wrench. He had at least 10 in a drawer right in front of me but he told me that they were for store personnel only, not customers. I stayed for the full hour as an hour of range time is the minimum purchase. In the future will go somewhere where my business is not such an inconvenience.
I went to Ground Control for the first time last night and I was unimpressed. The food was pretty good but the service stinks. They need some mature staff who can take care of their patrons, not the young kids playing kissy face with their girlfriend at the bar.  The cheeseboard for $14.00 was less than impressive with a couple of slices of cheese and a few nuts and dates. I think I will pass next time.
Awful ... This was a terrible experience. The meat was old looking - slimy and grey and the broth or whatever they call it that we were supposed to cook the meat in looked like dirty sea foam and tasted worse. Not to mention the fact that we were left to sit in front of this boiling pot of yuck for more than 20 minutes before I finally went to find our waitress to ask where our food was.... Anyway maybe they were having an off night but both my daughter and I were beyond disappointed. I will never go back.
How the $%&! do you screw up rice and call yourself an Asian place I don't understand those who say this is the best Chinese food in Pittsburgh. I drove here from Oakland based on the reviews, but the rolling cart in the atrium of Newell-Simon Hall at CMU is better. This place is super, super cheap, but you get what you pay for. Cash only, no delivery. The staff are friendly, and know their regulars by face, but the food is greasy, below-average Chinese take out, and their rice is hard and undercooked. It wasn't a one-time thing, either. I went a second time (it is cheap) and the rice turned out the same. I will not be going back again, especially when I live a block from Orient Kitchen.
They were very affordable but it was definitely a "get what you pay for" situation. I had hired them for clean up and they did a half-ass job. I had to repeatedly ask them to go back when they said they were "done" because they still had left a tone of weeds in the ground and ones they pulled up just laying about. The leaves were not completely picked up either. Also only one worker spoke English so it made it difficult to communicate with them. I will never hire Snappy again or recommend them. Get your moneys worth and go somewhere else.
Maybe I just had a bad day.  This was THE WORST "pizza" I've ever had.  I have had Original DiCarlo's in Wheeling, WV in several locations.  This is not even worthy of the name.  I got 3 extra cheese.  First off, the pizza was basically glued to the wax paper.  The crust was unevenly cooked.  First bite the crust was almost raw, dense, and way too chewy.  The sauce tasted sour and the cheese (shredded, not dices provolone like the Original) was slimy.  My second bite, the crust was burned, tasted burned, but at least it was crunchy.  There was no third bite.  The remaining slices got tossed in the garbage.  This was by far the worst "pizza" I've ever had.
My family came here for dinner and honestly, I don't what all the fuss about this place is all about.  I would be ashamed to call this Filipino food.  For starters, a soda cost $3, thinking that it come with refills.  Wrong!  The sisig was terrible and the kare kare sauce tasted like a VERY lightly flavored peanut water and just as thin!  The bulaklak was even worse!  So much fat on there it tasted like I was biting into bacon grease!  Rice wasn't included, either.Overall, the food was very disappointing and very tasteless.  We left leaving most of the food on the plate.  It was that bad!  I have eaten REAL Filipino food in the province in the Philippines many times before.I will NEVER be back to this tasteless, overly high priced restaurant ever again.  To those people who think that this place has great food, more power to you but this is not authentic Filipino food...
we went here late 2010 and had a buy 1 get 1 free coupon. the wait time was terrible and the entertainers were amateurish. we ordred appetizers and drinks and then our 2 entrees came. they came in small plates(lunch portions) . we complained and they said they split the dinner entree to make two. we complained but the manager wouldn't budge. well, we didn't either. we paid for our drinks and appetizers and left, but not before yelling out  "this place is a fraud !" i am of spanish descent and this place is a disgrace to my heritage.
Went back to Korean Garden Saturday night with some family in town from out of the country and was so disappointed.  My favorite salad was gone and replaced with what appeared to be bagged iceberg lettuce with tasteless dressing.  The meat was bland.  Plus the service was not up to par.  I doubt we will be going back here and we have been long time customers.
Rude waiters,  not welcoming.  Food is definitely not authentic.  Cook and staff are Chinese from China. How is that a Malaysian restaurant  Smh. Tried to cheat us on a take out meal, not going to play that game.
DO NOT EAT AT PHO VIETNAM!!! 1 hour to bring me a bowl of noodles and soup! Everyone else on my table was done eating by the time I got mine.
completely overpriced. service is slow. food is moderate.. would not recommend the pho or the preserved egg congee. but I guess if you are trapped in the Mandalay and must have Chinese food (and money is no object).. then consider yourself forewarned.
Just got this message from one of the owners (their review is under Jestin M.) this is me one of the owner of Tina's cafe.  you are obviously a poor idiot who is miserable in life.  If you have a nerve, you should've tell your complaint to us instead of crying out on yelp.  We have so many flowers and will continue doing great. Tina will bit the fack out of you if you come and let her know who you are.  ASS HOLE. Go back to your Mexico and eat corn with your whore mother.  by the way, your picture looks like a a guy who is infected with some kinds of disease.   Your women is ugly as you btw (lol)So after this I personally called and spoke with a manager, they confirmed Jestin works there. Even though I was being cordial with my tone and trying to be helpful in saying that this was my experience, maybe others are experiencing the same thing and that can help fix the problem, they proceeded to say a few things I wont retype here and hung up. I responded back and so did they. If you want to read that here is a screen shot of that: http:i.imgur.comPvcBz.jpgSo it was not enough for them to say that message. They just texted me this right now (since I called with my cell). "You keep mentioning 5yrs old about your stupid compain, we will report your info to be investigated if you are a child melester. Tina has a right not serve you for the safty of our customer. Take your little 10 dollar to mcdonald's. Lol"Here is a screen shot of the text I just got from the business phone number:http:i.imgur.com6j55D.pngSo if you feel like this is a place you would like to try out after reading this, by all means take your chances.
I am reluctant to give only one star seeing all the 4-5 stars on Yelp for this place which was what brought me to Los Paisas in the first place. My husband, son and I went Sunday 2pm. The place was packed and we had a short wait. We were very excited to see the place packed translating to a good restaurant and seeing the food being served to other patrons looked delicious. Unfortunately, my $15.99 seafood bouillabaise was terrible because it had 2 smallmedium size shrimps, 4 frozen (not fresh) mussels, 2 tiny pieces of fish, 2 small rings (size of nickel and dime) of calamari, 3 crab legs the length and width of my fingers that was fully intacted in the shell (with no means of cracking the legs open). It came in a deceiving big bowl only to have me fish around in the sauce for the seafood. Why do they even bother having this on the menu only to serve frozen mussels and teeny tiny seafood My husband ordered a cup of coffee which was luke warm he says. He hailed the waiter over and the waiter did remedy this by getting my husband a hotter cup of coffee. I was also excited to try the crispy pork from my husband's plate only to find it really hard to chew. Way over cookedfried. The place was packed with Colombians so I would think its authentic and good. Don't go by my 1 star and not try this place, just don't order the seafood bouillibaise. Or maybe they just want to serve to Colombians I'm fine with that. Its too bad we didn't have a good experience cause we are the type that would patronize a restaurant every week if we love it. Other restaurants would be glad to take my money once a week I'm sure.
I'm not sure how I was so mistaken about how great a restaurant was, when the premise is you boil the main course of meat to eat it. Mmmmm, delicious boiled meat has been said by no one, ever. We used to love the Melting Pot in NC before moving here. Going to this restaurant was an event and you knew you would be dropping some serious $$$ to eat there.  When I saw the Living Social deal for $45 for $75 it seemed like a no brainer and a fun evening out. Boy was I wrong. To me, $45 for $75 says they are going to give me a $75 credit for the tab of whatever I order. For a tab that can be close to $200, this seemed like a deal so I bought it. I was surprised when we arrived and was given a "Prefixed Living Social" menu instead of a credit on whatever we would like. This, I also noticed, came with smaller portion sizes than what the regular menu came with. So they limit what I can order, but expect me to tip on whatever the full amount would have been without a credit  We upgraded some of our choices knowing it would be more expensive, but it still didn't make for an enjoyable evening.The locations in NC are set up so no booth is right across from another booth, they are kind of staggered for privacy, here felt like we were eating at TGI Fridays. The couple that was set directly across from us had requested a more private table that could not be accommodated and they made a scene. Uncomfortable, to say the least and not the date night I had in mind.You better be a fan of garlic to eat here, because aside from the dessert, it's in every choice of every course and something about a plate of raw meat and seafood being set down in front of you, with instructions of how long to let it "cook" as in- if it walks boil two minutes, if it swims boil a minute and  12, is less than appetizing. Our total bill came to $180 (before the $75 credit or tip) and we left disappointed, vowing to never return. Our Living Social Deal also listed we would be given a complimentary champagne toast, which we were not even offered.  I get that we purchased a "coupon" but shouldn't be limited to a certain menu or treated any differently from other patrons in the restaurant.  This place was not worth the 3 hours we spent there, "deal" or not.
Was very disappointed with level of quality and service. Ordered to go and gave clear instructions to have two separate meals. Each with naan and rice and utensils for work. Arrived to find one bag. One rice and one naan. I pointed this out and they fixed it but they forgot the naan. Looked at $35!!!! Bill and saw they double charged for the naan too. The vindaloo chicken was not spicy enough and very oily. The employees spoke very little English and that was a huge barrier. They also seemed arrogant and rude. I am thinking that most of these reviews are fake or people do not know what good Indian is. This was the worst Indian I've had in Charlotte. At twice the price. I now know why this place is always empty.  I have also tried the lunch buffet and while the price was better. The spice was horrible. All bland, boring curries and an always empty naan bin. Had to ask to get naan.  This place is PERFECT if you have money to throw away and want mediocre Indian.
if you're looking for a nice night out, keep looking...
Don't bother trying to go to the location at 500 N 56th St, Chandler, AZ 85226. This is not a physical "store". However, you can call the number and someone will answer. They just don't sell to the public.
I hate this place.It's very loud, the service is very poor, and the food is so-so.If you want good Chinese in Pittsburgh, try China Palace (Shadyside) or Sesame Inn (Station Square or North Hills).  They're quieter, with very good food & service.
Being Korean and my kids and I visit all the Korean restaurants when we are out of town.  Since my daughter goes to PITT we wanted to treat our daughter to Korean food.  My family including my wife who is non- Korean always order    and if this is how they want to represent Korean food to others they are doing disservice to our heritage.   was the worst I have ever had.  Their  had lettuce as one of mixing choices and their meat was hamburger meat  Will not go back.
The food was not great. The wine also sucked. There are other better options available around. This is not the best food for the kind of price I paid. For the basic appetizer like chips and salsa, I found that the chips were burnt. Very average food.
I loathe to write a bad review for one of my favorite hobbies, drinking craft beer, however; Sun Up is a brewing company that I feel the need to never visit again, nor would I recommend beer lovers to go out of their way to stop in.The majority of the beer was just plain boring, and warm to boot! They had a lager, wheat, amber, pale, oatmeal stout and a scottish red on draft.  None of the beer sampled tasted even close to what I would consider the fundamentals of that particular category, ie a very bitter amber ale and a sweet, and not-hoppy-whatsoever pale ale.  Even the root beer was flat and tasteless.  I initially was going to give this place two stars, mainly because they do serve beer, and the bartender was nice,  but thinking about the beer, I have to knock this down to one star.  Sorry Sun Up, but you need to go back to the drawing board and create some good, basic craft brew.
This food is straight up taste less, idk what style of seafood this is but it is not very appetizing..food here is boring, i find the plates more amusing to see while eating, and maybe choking since the service here is so slow, it does get busy on the weekends which is understandable but having to be a small restaurant I'am sure they can check up on every cust real quick. the time to cook is ridiculous seeing others arriving later than you and receiving their food a lot sooner is really frustrating to see. Now maybe this attracts the type that grew up to this boring style of seafood, but never again will i ever waste time and money for sea...actually LAKE FOODnote: oysters here are farm raised not from the ocean...they will admit to that ;)
Like their competitor Sprinkles, Tammie Coe is just way to sweet for me. Their frosting is heavier and their is just something in their cupcakes that makes me wonder what is that As much as my coworkers enjoy both Tammie Coe and Sprinkles, I pass everytime someone brings them in as I am just not a fan. For those that enjoy them, by all means I am not mad at ya. Just don't understand what all the fuss is about.
I just paid $20 for two drinks.  This place is delicious and healthy but the price is absolutely ridiculous.  The kale isn't fresh it's frozen. The drinks are good but not worth the price. Just juice at home or go to a neighborhood market.
I'm being generous - they don't deserve the star.Because several friends recommended the G&D, I went in there once.The place was NOT busy.  I sat down at a table.  While waiting for service, I pulled out my PDA and read the news off the net.  When I looked at my watch, and saw that half-an-hour had gone by without anyone EVER coming within 6ft. of my table -- much less asking if I wanted to order anything -- food or booze or coffee or a glass of water -- nobody.  Nothing.  I simply got up and walked out.When I go to a restaurant, I do NOT beg for service.  I expect someone to come to my table and ask me if I want something.  They didn't do that.Fortunately for me, there is, at least, another restaurant (there may even be two or three) in the greater Phoenix metropolitan area, so I won't starve.  Altho, with that level of non-service, the G&D might.
I actually love Pio Pio's food, but I will never patronize them again after tonight. Tried to place a pickup order, which had a few hiccups in itself. When we went to pick up, we got a very weird cold vibe, with the employees we dealt with not making eye contact or saying more than 2 words to us. After waiting a little too long to get our order that was already sitting on the counter, the guy opens each box and verbally confirms what we ordered. Getting home, one entire half of our order was actually just a big salad that we did not order...he definitely saw this. We called back and said we are coming back to get our chicken, will it be ready when we get there Yes of course. Arrive back at Pio Pio and, just kidding, they are out of chicken (yeah right). Obviously angry at this point and asking for a refund, they said they didn't run the card so there's no need, when we earlier watched them run it and signed for it. We asked for some kind of proof of this, and they could provide none. Whether the charge shows up or not, we believe that they saw that the order was wrong, didn't feel like re-making anything at closing time, and sent us home knowing that. Why they told us to come back to the restaurant only to turn us away 5 minutes later I don't know. It was nice know you, Pio Pio, but I'll just drive farther to get this kind of food from someplace that is run by people who give a crap from now on.
Just about the only thing I enjoyed about this place was the drinks. I had a sip of just about everyone's drink, and they were all pretty tasty.I dined with Emily E. (below, in the party of 12), and I agree with everything she said.While the food wasn't bad, it was not worth the price -- $65 for my husband and me. I have no problem paying for quality, but Havana Grill simply wasn't worth it.The waiter was downright rude at times. I felt he didn't put much effort into service because he knew he was getting 18 percent gratuity (not what I would have left by any means had I the choice).I am sad there aren't many Cuban restaurants in town, as I long for the authentic fare I ate in Miami two years ago. Looks like we locals just won't get the chance to experience something better.
This market sucks...Maybe I'm biased, since I usually shops at 168 market on Spring Mountain and Jones.Where they have everything you need from Japanese, Korean, Chinese, Thai, Vietnamese, to Filipino and American. Plus their fresh fish and meat department.I was on the UNLV side and wanted to get some fresh Asian vegetables so I decided to go to Seafood City instead driving over to Chinatown. I've been hearing so much about this Seafood City place.  Their vegetable selection was weak, and most of them are old and dry. I wanted to get some Thai curry too while I was here but nope, walked down every isle and couldn't find any Thai section. I guess this market only has Filipino foodTheir fish did not seem fresh, I was checking the eyes, under the fins and it took me a good old 10 minutes before I found one that fairly decent. And there's a line of people waiting by the seafood department I don't get it.Don't waste your time if you are looking for a Asian market that has good and fresh selections, just drive over to Chinatown.
Such a strange restaurant.  1)  It is filthy.  Hard to get around this.2)  The portions are very generous.3)  We were told 25 minutes for our take out.  After we arrived at the place (25 minutes in) there was no sign of our food.  When we asked they said that it wasn't ready yet.  OK...  Then we were ignored for half an hour as seven different other take out customers got their order with little or no wait.3.5)  While we waited we were smoked out by fires in the kitchen three times!  Thick black smoke that made it difficult to breathe! 4)  The food was OK when we got it not the best or worst chinese food that I have ever had and certainly not worth the wait.5)  They don't take credit cards!Will not be returning...
i used to be a fan but after my last experience here... I'm thinking its time to scout another resto in the village! now, their are many to choose from... too bad this one lost its luster!I normally have the Ibiza salad, which is a greek salad with chicken but Ibiza is   in Spain... that s another story, I was shocked to see a salad was $21!!! wtf... and its not even that amazing!!this night I had the saloon burger, one of their staple burgers... a no brainer, but the bread was dry and crumbling, the meat was precooked and overcooked! My friend had a burger too, same issue with the meat and bun... but he had a poutine! I had a taste of the poutine, it was disgusting and had no flavor...Mcdonalds makes a better poutine!I think its time to get back to the basics and become a restaurant instead a wannabe resto-club!
We went inside the theater and when we gave our tickets to the gal inside, she said she had to check my bag. I unzipped my purse and she searched for I don't know what...probably for a bottle of water or snacks brought from home Or maybe a gun  She never said why she had to search.  Anyway, that didn't feel good at all. Sams Town Casino's theater DOES NOT do that!  If it WAS a weapons check, why only my bag and not the guys Guns are brought in not only in bags but also hidden under men's shirts. So I don't think it was a weapons search. I really suspect that they were checking for anything brought in from home to snack on or drink (such as bottled water or soda).  After what happened and also the higher prices, we decided that this would be the last time we went to the Boulder Station's theater.
My husband & I came here for lunch today. Arrived 5 mins after they opened and the place was already full. We were seated on a table that sat 4. We ordered gyoza as our appetizer. It was ok.  The couple seated next to us were done eating and left. The younger [I can't say Asian because all of them are Asian] lady server came up to us and said " Can you move over to this table so I can seat a party of 4"  I WAS SHOCKED!! I didn't want to embarrass my husband so we moved over as told.  Our ramen came out and it wasn't what I expected. NEVER EVER in all my 33 years of living was I seated at a table at a any restaurant and then be TOLD to move so they could accommodate another party. OHN! That's very very RUDE! I will not come back here again.
I was craving meat jun, drove to the outdated address that was listed. The person who answered wasn't sympathetic at all. Paid $14 for 1 thin slice kalbi- almost see through, 1 piece BBQ chicken and 1 slice meat jun. I coulda got cheaper in Hawaii. I specifically asked for Koch-jun sauce which they did not give me in my to go plate, and no chopsticks- really!! If I could I would give this a negative 1 star for the entire experience. So shame an waste my time, gas, and money!
Feeling generous with the one star today. Food was good but service was lacking. I don't believe that you should have to wait 30-40minutes for water to arrive at your table or watch your appetizer pot steam for that long either.  The bad service outweighed the food this time. Disappointed. Seems like the Melting Pot should read some of these reviews to make improvements.
 Closed  :(
first of all, for being 1 on this lis,t it shouldn't be. Service was poor. Waitress had attitude and seemed to be upset the entire time. Not once did she crack a smile. The pan con lechon that we ordered was very dry and it had cheese! An original Pan con lechon is simply pork, bread and mojo. NO CHEESE! Why do they put cheese on an original cuban sandwich like pan con lechon The croquetas were re-heated and old. The place was very hot and no air. The plaque from Zagat and best of Las Vegas should be removed! Not to mention those were from back in 2007!!! Chef Ramsey would be applled!! Pass this place up and head somewhere else!
I was waiting for my laundry on Ellsworth last week, when I decided to kill some time and find nearby food.  A bagel sounded good and the Bagel Factory felt like an appropriate transition from the Laundry Factory.  I'd never been to the Bagel Factory before, but figured they'd have decent bagels and their coffee had to be better than Crazy Mocha. The place was kind of a mess.  When I entered, I saw stacked boxes topped off with cartons of bottled water and individually packaged goodies stacked in front of the bagel case, which seemed sloppy and strange. It felt like a regular storage place for new merchandise, not a new shipment in active transit.  I wondered how an establishment like this could afford to exist on Ellsworth Ave, a neighborhood that is trying to exude upper-class image. Once I looked up from the hoarded pile of shit blocking the counter, my eyes skimmed over the mass of individually wrapped frosted cookies covering the other counter. My mind was taken to the memory of an off-roading experience a few years back; those times when you're driving down the highway in say western Illinois, and you end up at some shabby mom-and-pop bakery, like this one, and you think to yourself "I'm having a unique experience..."Given that I was coming from the cleanest laundry facility I've seen in my life, these first five seconds at the Bagel Factory were perhaps moderately surprising.  The woman behind the counter had several projects going on and I waited for about two minutes until she asked me what I'd like.  These two minutes were a fascinating two minutes, as the man behind the register was chatting up some eight to ten year old girls.  They might have been neighborhood kids, or not.  There was a familiarity to their conversation, which was only subtly uncomfortable as his tone was sordid at worst, belittling at best.  When they got around to paying for their bagels he asked, "are they naked or do they have cream cheese"  My head turned as the elder of the two said, "cream cheese."  By now I'd ordered my bagel and approach the register to pay for it and he says to me, "got a lotta earrings there, bet you set off all sorts of metal detectors."  I responded with "not really," as I handed him my credit card and he handed me a coffee cup.  He printed my receipt, tore it from the spool and said in a sleazy tone, "paper trail..."  I typically would have reacted to that, but lacked the energy after my first round of finals week.  "Be safe out there," he said as I turned to walk away, which triggered a spine-tingling sensation up my back.  Had i just been sexually assaulted or blatantly judged for wearing a few hooped earrings on each ear  I was wearing Abercrombie and Fitch, skinny jeans and sperries.  Seriously In the end, it makes no difference.  This guy is a creep, and my feeling is that he holds some sort of managerial role at the Bagel Factory, which leads me to conclude this place belongs out of town ten-twenty miles where this man can find animals to harass rather than little girls and college students.  I generally go out of my way to support small business and family owned operations, but this place is the exception.  I will never step foot in this establishment again.  The bagel with cream cheese was alright and the coffee was okay but not worth $5.19.
Grotesque food, vulgar staff, blech.
Just had a question. Wanted to know what time their happy hour starts and ends. After going online the their mobile website I confirmed they have happy hour everyday. What time it tsarts and ends is not listed. Tried to call the restaurant and got a recorded answering advertisement that went on way too long. Hung up the phone without talking to anyone. Screw you. I will take my business elsewhere.
I'm not exaggerating when I say that Fogo E Brasa was the worst dining experience of my life. They advertised crab legs, but only had imitation crab meat in some unskilled attempt at a salad. But the meat was the worst, I could find better roast beef for $3.99 at Frys. The lamb and ribs literally tasted rancid. This was the only time I have actually felt shafted after eating someplace. For a split second I considered walking out without paying because it was that bad. I would not recommend this place to my worst enemy.
If you like being treated poorly and as if you are incompetent, then this is the place for you! If I could give negative stars I would!My friend and I went in there to see if they could fix a pocket watch I had, and see if they had a part for her grandfather clock. Right away the owner seemed annoyed we were even in there, like we were bothering him and his employee, (They were just sitting in chairs talking).This was my first time in there so I didn't know they couldn't fix watches, but the owner still examined my pocket watch, and after telling me "You will spend $200-$300 fixing this $25.00 watch" hands it back to me says, "Well, that takes care of that", and sits back in his chair. Now, my friend shows them the part of her clock asking if they can fix the part or give her a new one, they say she has to bring in the actual clock, so they can see what they can do. They ask her what kind it is, but her answer that it is a grandfather clock is wrong because her clock hangs on the wall, and doesn't just sit there on it's own, so it can't possibly be a grandfather clock!. They acted like we were so stupid for not knowing anything about clocks! Sorry, that's why we had come to you, you are supposedly the "experts" on clocks! I would NEVER recommend this place to anyone! Find a different shop to go to!!
This place is a run down dump. I felt like l was going to get a mersa infection just sitting at the table. The food is terrible, even for lndian food. The buffet is over priced. There are some great Indian places in Phoenix and this is not one. You can just tell that they do things as cheap as possible and don't care about quality. My guess is that the chef is mexican and not lndian! Move along.
This place  that fuck  up  the. Food  without salt  and to fucken. Cold   And. The charger  ex for. To go  order  it's was  my favorite place but now they are so bad
I went here a couple times because I liked the food and the scenery. Last time I went I had hair in my food. I recommend you check your food before eating it here
Soooooo smokey and nasty inside that we could hardly breathe yet alone smell our beers. The smoke was so bad that we didn't even stay to finish our beers, we were choking and gagging for air the entire time, we paid and left after 5 minutes.I ordered the house Hefeweizen and was utterly disappointed to see that they put a lemon in it, a clear sign that it is going to be a watery, tasteless, shitty Hef and lone and behold it was like drinking water. The kitchen was closed so we couldn't get anything to eat, not that I wanted to spend another minute in place. The only good thing about this place is that the drafts were $4
Disappointing is the word that comes to mind when describing Buraka.We first ordered the samoons (excuse spelling errors) and they came to us with a warm outside and cold inside, a sure indication of them not being fresh and most likely frozen beforehand. Then we ordered the combination platter with each a side salad. The salad was measly at best. Very little lettuce and only a tomato on top. The food came out and was also partially cold.Also, this is so far from authentic. They gave you silverware. Also, platters should be served on a large tray, almost like a pizza tray, with injera covering the whole thing. The chosen dishes then on top. NOT in a bowl. I've had Ethiopian food in both NYC and SF, both times phenomenal and authentic. I would never ever bring someone here for their first Ethiopian food. They would get the wrong impression. I know that if Buraka was my first Ethiopian restaurant I would not list Ethiopian food as one of my favorite foods. Avoid unless you are desperate.
Why can't the attendant understand a simple direct questionCan someone please tell me just where the Hell I'm supposed to put my freakin' drinkand worst of all ... my balls don't fit in this place.*one extra star for the bartender offering me her personal lighter *minus the extra star for not having any matches
is it REALLY necessary to a lavendar colored m&ms or any color that's not included in the ones they sell in stores they all taste the same for goodness sakes!go to the nearest store, pick up an economy sized bag of m&m's, separate the colors, bag it up, and tie with a pretty ribbon.there.....no one will know you didn't get it from m&m world. and you saved a bunch of money. you're welcome.
Sadly really went downhill. They switched to a new vendor, the prices went up and they are no longer having sales.
Rubbery, nearly raw, white outside, pink inside chicken in two different buffet dishes. I hope they looked at my plate to try to figure out why i simply got up and left, but in my opinion, if you are incompetent enough to put an entire serving tray of undercooked poultry out on a lukewarm steamtable, then anything I can try to explain about what was wrong, will likely fall on deaf ears anyway.
I got my hair cut here about a month ago. During the shampooing my scalp began to feel a little tingly but no biggie. By the time I sat in the stylist's chair though it felt as if my scalp was on fire. My ears were bright red and anywhere else that the wet hair had touched my face turned the skin bright red. Clearly I was having a bad reaction to their Aveda-only products.  The stylist got very concerned and, appropriately, brought over the salon manager. The clearly unconcerned heard-it-before manager said that she, too, had a bad reaction to their products as did some other customers and that I "might want to take a Benadryl" when I got home.  End of story! Not "how can we make it better for you" Not "Oh I am so sorry this happened!" Take a Benedryl. That and they charged me full price for my miserable experience - maybe they felt that they had to recoup the cost of rinsing my head againAny service professional that doesn't understand the importance of customer service will not get my money again.
This place is very affordable and is a favorite among UIUC students. However, the food is practically tasteless. It seems to me that meat and vegetables are quickly tossed with some spices and they call that a meal.  Simple said, the food lacks the depths of flavors that is present in authentic Thai food. I have lived close enough to Thailand to know what's good and what's not. This, I have to say is a major disappointed. Avoid at all cost.
This place is a definite no-go.  The steak is just bad.  In a city of great steakhouses, there is no excuse for such rubbery, bland, cheap steak.  The rest of the food is similarly disappointing.  And it's so overpriced!  Save yourself and go elsewhere, please.
Terrible!  I'm glad that I didn't pay full price and bought the "Zombie Experience" off of Groupon because I would have been even more frustrated if I would have paid full price for 10 minutes worth of running. In my opinion STAY AWAY and just get on the treadmill for 10 minutes while playing arcade game it's much better and MUCH CHEAPER! Keep your money people and do something that's worth the time rather than running for 10 minutes and shooting a crappy gun.
We spent the New Year's 2012 eve there. It WAS a unique dining experience alright - nevermore, thank you. Not fun. Not tasty. Disappointing in every respect.  My husband is Moroccan. Naturally I had high expectations for the place knowing the taste of Moroccan cuisine. Trust me, the taste of dishes could not have been more disappointing. How can you guys call yourself Moroccan restaurant when you cook the cous-cous without the basic ingredients!! The cous-cous we had was cooked without pumpkin, potato and chickpeas!! Only cabbage. Well, some slices of carrots, too. While It's the Traditional Moroccan dish! Unbelievable... Now for the dessert. Bastilla filed with chocolate and banana Where did you get that recipe It's a BAD mix of Moroccan and American tastes, if this is whet you were attempting to recreate. Hardly eatable... Now for the famous mint tea. We were not served that at all. Guess, they have decided that free champagne is a good substitute. Well, it was not. By the way, from the color of tea we saw being poured to a couple from another table, we can assume that it is not the best-tasting Moroccan tea either.     As for the entertainment, the dancing lady was lovely! BUT if we had entered the restaurant 10 minutes later - we would have missed her completely. And that was the ONLY entertainment offered for the New Year's eve. Don't even want to mention the music screaming as loudly as it only could from the speakers above our ears. And it was some stupid pop songs, not even a hint to oriental tunes!! Or was it a special offer due to the New Year's eve Another bad idea, gentlemen.  The entourage is shocking at first as everyone are sitting in front of each other, in one large hall. But you get used to it, so OK for a change.  All in all, we could NOT have been more disappointed by the restaurant. It by no means cost $140. The only reason why I asked the waited to pack the remains of our food to-go, was cuz I wanted to give the bastilla and the cous-cous another chance by eating them at home. It did not help...
Notice how the reviews are for the Kids Quest at the Palms. The one at Boulder Station should be avoided.If you are planning a visit to Las Vegas this review will apply more to you than locals. My 14-month-old son and I accompanied my husband on a business trip this past Labor Day weekend and to prepare I checked out indoor play gyms through Yelp and found Kids Quest. The reviews were positive so I went to the Web site and it all looked legitimate. We stayed at Planet Hollywood and it was quite a drive to get to Boulder Station. When I arrived at Kids Quest I was told I would need to provide my son's immunization paperwork. This detail is not listed anywhere on the company's site. I told the clerk I didn't have my son's papers and she said I would just need to fax it to them within 14 days.I have been to several indoor play gyms including Gymboree and JW Tumbles. I'm not sure if this is specific to Nevada but I've never had to provide immunization papers.Then the clerk proceeded to tell me that my son could not have his snacks but that I would have to pay for snacks and drinks provided by them. I was still going to let my son go inside despite the hassles and a feeling in my gut that this was not a good idea when the clerk told me I could not accompany my son into the play area. That was the final straw. My son was already upset and I wasn't about to let him be taken into that place by strangers.
My wife and I went for lunch and ordered the Parrillada for One and everything was horrible. We are from Bolivia so we have tasted what Parrillada should be... and this was not. The meat was not seasoned and it seemed to be cooked on a skillet and not on the Parrilla... as it should be. We were shocked at the price... but hoped that the taste would offset the shock but it did not. Horrible Parrilada. We will never go there again.
The japanese food here is nasty compare to other places in Charlotte. I've been here a couple of times with my co workers, but what really irks me about this place was the other week I was craving for Japanese food so I order a TO-GO plate to pick up for lunch. How about they charge a 15% TO-GO gratitude!!! You heard that right. I've never seen such a place charged you for tip when you aren't even sitting in there asking for service. My to go meal ended up being $16 bucks after taxes and tip. On top of that the fried rice was bland, its basically just cook in tons of butter. The meat were tasteless and dry and so were the veggies! They definately won't be getting my business again!!
I seldom write review and so whoever is reading this must understand how bad the food was. I'm a regular customer here and the food is generally good and so I order delivery from S2YD a lot. However, the last time I made an order(Goat Curry) the food was close to untouchable. The Styrofoam box in which the food came was dripping with oil. I ignored this, and on eating the rice I realized it was either not well cooked or that they had reheated what they kept in the fridge. Needless to say, I didn't touch the meat fearing for my life.That was the last time I ever ordered from Jamerica - and its been almost 2 months now.
He was incredibly sexisthomophobic. He could barely play the piano and when we finally recognized a song we could actually dance to he literally asked me to get off stage because he didn't like another on stage who could actually dance with the girls.
The menu online gives no prices, and the entrees are ridiculously overpriced for what you get - a good meal, but far too much food, and nothing extraordinary. The entrees are $50 - $60. BE WARNED - if you want atmosphere to go with your $60 entree, you'd better REQUEST DOWNSTAIRS! Otherwise you can have your anniversary dinner in a small room in front of large televisions. Who knew And the staff will definitely not accommodate your request for a more romantic spot - even if they know it is your tenth anniversary! Wow. Should have walked out.
We have gone to this Pizza Hut in the past and were not satisfied with the service. When we first moved to our house, this location and the one at Lawyers & Margaret Wallace both argued as to which location was supposed to deliver to us! We didn't feel like leaving the house last night and decided to give them another chance. They were 20 minutes late, the pizza and wings were cold, and the customer service was terrible! I will not be ordering from this place again. I am really surprised this location has been in business as long as it has.
You pay $10 general admission - but after you get in, you pay much more in everything else for little return;(If  you're 21+ older - first WRISTBAND)With whatever you DOEATDRINK at the festival, you have to buy a money card. ALL food and beverage is deducted from the card, but even so, you only get 1-3 bitesswigs of anything that you buy - the cost is so disproportionate to what you get that I'm pretty sure that you're just paying for everything at regular prices if not more.For example, let's say you wanna get into the beer tasting are. We lined up to get into the beer area without having purchased the card yet, and they turned us away to yet another line (to get the card); We were a party of three, and the volunteer didn't know how to give us three separate cards.Then we throw $40 bucks onto the card, and it costs you $20 to get into the beer tasting area. Half the amount on the card was gone within a few minutes!For the beer tasting area (second WRISTBAND), there are two lines (kind of blending together), with a different person manning each line at the entrance. Nobody who works at the festival seemed to know how to organize, or what to tell people. We were told one thing at one line, but the guy who was manning our line had to double check with the guy manning the secondary line as to whether or not we were in the right line!Once you get into the area, you get this little 4oz cup that they fill for every beer tasting- which costs $1 ea. ON TOP of the $20 beer admission; I asked for tequila shots from the tequila area and were only about 1oz - for $1.Out of all the food tents that I went to - 1. the pizza was the most worth the money at $2 (Grimaldi's);2. they had super-dinky-mini-tacos, smaller than the palm of my hand, at $1 ea, 3. three little mini-buffalo chicken balls, about the size of ping pong balls, for $2;4. ONE braised short rib for $6 + three bites of calamarigreens for $4 (Tanzy's)We kept  adding money to our cards.Last but not least, I fell asleep on the lawn while sittin with my buddy in the shade; a non-uniformed cop came by and asked me to stand up; I was kind of wobbly and tired from having a few drinks, and he asked us to leave! Other than falling asleep, I was NOT doing anything disruptive to draw any attention whatsoever. They escorted us out...I was respectful. Been there, done that; once here was enough. The great thing though about coming here, was that I was able to spend some time with my peeps.
Yuck! Specialty rolls were definitely nothing special. Tasted like a packaged California roll you buy in a grocery store. The $9 short ribs were cold and super salty. When I told the waiter all he said was "sorry" and walked off. Maybe the Teppanyaki is better but if you want sushi or hand rolls drive east 10 minutes to Otaku!
Decent food, bad service, dirty bathroom and chairs that fall apartWe decided to go here because it's right next to the museum but will never go back.The service was bad, it looked like they didn't have enough servers on to handle the amount of tables. We never got drink refills and eventually ended up going to the bar to get them even though we had asked the server for them but he never brought any.The picnic table we sat at was unstable and I was afraid the entire time we were there that the bench was going to break at any second. The table next to us ended up falling through their chair though, luckily no one was hurt.The food was alright but, not good enough to go back for a second time. My boyfriend complained about the dirty bathroom. If he complained about it, it was bad!I suggest going down the street to find something better, anything will be better than here.
I took my old, fully metal, very reliable Viking machine in for one small repair, and it's not run well since.  It seems they used a substandard lubricant which gums up unless the machine is in a hot room!  The charge was exorbitant as well.  I will be looking for another repair company.  Sally's in Mesa had a wonderful woman named Kay who did the best repairs and whose charges were very reasonable.  Sigh~
Too bad this is only one of two Jo-Ann Fabrics in Madison, and the only one on my side of town. I've shopped here 3 times a month all summer and this is what I've come to (sadly) expect:1. Customer service that is apathetic at best, rude at worst. Today, for example, my (sadly, regular) cashier forgets, twice, whether I want a bag. her apology "Sorry. I just don't care much today." No eye contact, no smile. This is typical of the service.2. Three times the last month the item price that rang up was different from that listed on the shelf. I wasn't too bothered, as it rang up clearance price. When I mentioned to the cashier the clearance price was not the price listed on the shelf, she replied, "oh," and stared at me blankly.Fortunately Michael's Craft Supplies on the eastside is starting to carry more yarn and sewing items, which means I can stop the tortured visits to Jo-Ann Fabrics someday soon.
No stars for this dump! My hubby is from uruguay and we were so ecstatic to find an argentinean place besides chima... So disappointing! We had the chivito for lunch which is a famous sandwich from uruguay. They used the worst piece of steak that was fatty and salty i could barely take more than two bites. We started with a provoleta which we make at home all the time... Simply take some good quality provolone and sprinkle with herbs. Then we put in a cast iron skillet and put on the grill... Delish! These people threw some cheese on a plate and stuck it in the micro! We had a glass of wine each and it was the cheapest wine ever! Prices are not cheap and the quality is not acceptable! Argentinean food is delicious and i would hate for this place to give newcomers a literal bad taste in their mouths! Until there is a decent argentinean place we continue making chimichurri at home!
Awful service! Like are you fucking kidding me. Our service literally rushed us to leave our table right after our food was served. Not even 5mins pass by she forked us the our bill and asked us if we were  ready leaving already.  Like really. We haven't taken a couple of bites. Never again. Plus they over salted the eggs. They take fucking forever for refill in drinks.
I am not a mean person, not a vindictive person. I bear the friendly people of Pizza Parma no ill will.But their pizza was remarkably terrible.Went there, hungry, a bit past midnight, looking for a little something before going home to sleep. They don't have slices--this seems to be a (terrible, stupefying, egregious) trend in these parts. Fine. The smallest pizza, a "personal" pie, costs $7 and is 7" in diameter. The cashier and I agree that that's a very small amount of pizza, and since I'm hungrier than one and one half mouthsful, I get a "small," which is 10". I add a mushroom topping. I pay my $11.21 and wait.There are two seating options inside the store: a small wooden bench, and two fold up chairs around a little table. Conveniently, they were using the wooden bench to store a rolled up carpet that laid across the whole thing, and they'd also elected to fold up the two folding chairs, probably because they were tired from a long day of being used as chairs. So I waited outside the store on a bench.The friendly cashier and the friendly patrons waiting for their order indoors called me over when my pizza was ready. I took it outside, sitting in the cold to eat it, thinking, "I hope this $11 pizza is pretty good." Opened up the box, saw how pitifully small a 10" pizza is, and started eating.Let me say something about pizza: if you have decent cheese, decent tomato sauce, flour, water, and a hot oven, you can make a passable pizza. I will eat it and think, "well this isn't the best pizza I've ever had but it's fine." That is not what I thought when I ate Pizza Parma's pizza. I thought, "it would be too rude and insulting to ask for my money back. I'll just try to eat as much of this as I can."I ate three out of the six "slices." (One sixth of a 10" pizza is a total of *256 = 13 square inches. That sounds like a lot of pizza, but in fact is a tiny amount of pizza.) I couldn't stand to eat more than half. The mushrooms were fine; I fished them out and ate them. The cheese was actually terrible; it had a strange chemical taste and plasticky appearance. The crust was poofy and not crusty.Ashamedly, I threw half of a pizza away tonight. Folks, I am not a food destroyer. I eat things I don't like, and expired foods, because I don't want to waste. It takes a legitimately terrible pizza for me to actually throw the thing away.Went home, made some eggs, and guess what The terrible cheese taste from an hour and a half ago It's still in my mouth. I'm not making this up.I know there's good pizza around here. Ordered two back to back slices at Spak Brothers--delicious! Tasty! Reasonable price! But whoaaaaaaa whoa was this terrible, overexpensive pizza. Sheesh.
Take it from me; avoid this place at all cost.  The only time I go is when I am starved and don't have the energy to cook or get edible food.  And then after I have been kicking myself.
After eating lunch several days a week at Atrias PNC Park restaurant for many years, I have finally decided that the price has just lost any relation to portionsquality and will not be dining there anytime in the near future.Gradually, over the past year, the prices have continued to increase to the point of being dinner menu prices for lunch size meals.  Recently, the portion size has significantly diminished, to the point of being almost comical today.The fish "special" today was BBQ salmon with asparagus.  It consisted of about 3oz of salmon and four spears of asparagus.  It actually looked ridiculous on the plate.  The specials used to have 5-6 oz of fish, included a decent portion of vegetables, and rice, all for a dollar or two less.  While a bit more than I wanted to spend for lunch, at least the quality and size of portion made some sense.  Today, I spent $15 plus tax and tip and left feeling like I had eaten an appetizer and still hungry.They have pushed it too far, I am no longer willing to waste my money at Atria's.  Too bad, we used to really enjoy lunch there.
closed
Scale 1-10,I give them 12.Due to the special occasion from our 20th Anniversary celebration with early reservation we did,they made it double booked in one small place.I think they take advantage on us because all of us is from out of town.also unfair from the other group.And the food is not that good scale of 1-10,maybe 2.Another thing busy weekend,with party reservation, men's restroom broken.Its good I always bring my sanitizer in my pocket.The date 8-15-09.
Marz' review rang a bell with me.  We also, purchases a groupon, and we tried to get reservations.  This meant we had to eat very late.  But I assumed that they had been filled up by groupon members.  No problem.  The reservations were two weeks out!Then, that evening, I was delayed in an out of town airport.  I called three hours prior to the reservation time to explain our reason for cancellation.  I asked to make new reservations but was told to call at another time! I then get a note from Open Table, the site you must reserve through, that I was listed as a "no show" and I was at risk of not being able to use open table again!  Needless to say, I was dismayed.  Then, I tried again to get reservations but they were so far out, I couldn't seem to book them on line so we decided to walk in.  In fact, I tried to get 5:30 reservations for Oct 3, but the site said there were none for that day.We walked in at 6 pm and were asked how many.  We indicated two, and my husband noted we have a groupon.  The gentleman then said, "We don't have availability tonight."Now, we were there 12 AFTER the time we wanted, and there was only ONE table with two people seated at it utilized.  The restaurant was EMPTY.  But they had no availability for us at 5:30, and none when we walked in.Obviously, they want to space out their groupon customers.  Well, I asked for a refund.  And I will never go back.  I'd love to review the food, but since I haven't been in a few years...I really can't.  I never got to try it.  Beware Marrakesh groupons!Thank goodness, Yolies, upstairs from Marrakesh, had a place for us.  We were able to eat to our heart's delight and had EXCELLENT service. They were quite full, but still found a quiet table to serve us!
Overpriced items both in the store and on the menu compared to other kosher places in the area.
Joined on a groupon, went once and never went back.  Gym equipment was so old it brought back memories of the 70s.  Tennis courts filled with rug rats and people who did not want to give way to anyone else wanting to hit.  Heated pool, big deal can crash a local resort hotel for that.  My expectations were not met, very disappointed.
I found this company from a Yelp search. They were in our area and had good reviews. I was not fortunate enough to experience what other posters are raving about.I have a rental house that more or less needed a 'clean up' job. Weeds had grown, bushes were overgrown, and leaves were caught in the rocks. On a Thursday afternoon, we called the phone number listed and got voicemail. Explained we were looking for an estimate and asked for a call back. Almost immediately after, I received a text message from the same number (a bit odd for a business to screen phone calls). They asked for some cross streets and said they could get an estimate same day. They didn't show up.It was a Friday or Saturday that they asked for some pictures of the front and back yards. There is a tree in our backyard so they asked if it needed any attention. We said we would like it addressed and they replied that they would need the tree company () to come out and take a look that Sunday. Sunday evening I came home from work and there was an estimate on the door. It was a carbon copy and the services listed and the numbers for pricing were not at all legible. After trying to decode the message, we finally text the number back and asked for an explanation of the estimate. Really, we wanted to know what it would cost.The reply we got back was "I don't know" and a phone number followed by "ask him"No thanks, bud. If this is too difficult, we will take our business elsewhere.
This review is about the FOOD only! I'm in town and without a vehicle so naturally I was looking up some tasty delivery options on yelp, when I came across cuisine malaya, I was elated to see that they delivered.  I got my food fast, both dishes came in very nice containers and I was sure i was in for a real treat! Based on other reviewers I had the steamed Popiah  and the beef Char kway teow..Back to the opening of the containers.... First the steamed popiah, I'll admit I have never had popiah before and they probably would have been better if they were fried.   The popiah consisted of a thick roll stuffed with mostly rice and some other ingredients, it was topped and garnished very nicely, the problem is.... It didn't taste like anything!!!  I'm a firm believer in not eating tasteless food.   The char kway teow was similar in appearance to pad see ewe but again, this dish was tasteless..... I mean I couldn't taste any flavors! How does this even happen Did they forget to add flavor to my meal  I ended up only eating a tiny amount of my food...  It's so sad when you have something that looks delicious, but turns out to be a barrel of bland.....
One less star for every piece of hair I found in my bowl of fake Bun Bo Hue.   Found a total of 5 but yelp requires me to rate at least one star. Besides the HAIRS, the broth was greasy, and unflavored.  Every ingredients I tried to add to make it taste better  was useless....USELESS!!!  They took it back and gave me a new one and still made me pay for the meal of hair that I had to eat!
I dined at Stripsteak prior to going to a concert and I can honestly say that everything about this place was disappointing. The service was terrible! The drinks are way overpriced and they don't even give you a full martini. We had to ask for bread or something because after 45 minutes we had nothing at our table. It took 50 minutes for carpaccio and a wedge salad. Seriously... they didn't have to cook anything. My fillet was good but nothing special. My husband and I were very disappointed since we had both heard good stuff about this place. I would recommend SW Steakhouse or BOA Steakhouse instead.
i'm pretty sure robin williams was staying in our room right before we arrived bc our room was covered in pubic hair.there was a dirty, pubic hair filled towel hanging up in our bathroomour sheets had pubes everywherethe walls were filthy with black stains (see pic) the life guards are so intense. i felt like i was getting yelled at the whole time and i wasn't even doing anything. they just feel like shouting about the rules constantly. total kill-joys.the breakfast buffet was actually surprisingly goodand the customer service was wonderful, the staff is super friendly. special shout out to their pillows. amazing pillows. i won't be back though.ps...i originally gave this review 2 stars until the hilarious Heather C. pointed out the below. she is so right! and i can't stop laughing. "Didn't you read the Yelp guidelines  Pubes = 1 star no matter how great everything else is!!!!  You've just told the world, "yeah, the pubes were okay, but I've had better." hahahahaha
Very few items on lunch buffet. On menu was aloo tikki, salad, plain rice, butter chicken, naan, chicken tandoori, chicken curry, palak paneer (paneer was hard to find), kheer (was good), finni that's it. None of the items were cooked properly. Very very disappointed. Price: $10.25 plate
order the pork grinder (my favorite) .. only to be bone chunks and fat..guess i'll have to find another favorite
04042012I just had to write a review after eating here last weekend.I ordered "com tam bi cha thit nuong"OMGthe "cha" tasted like it has been frozen for 2 months and reheated in the microwave before serving it to usthe "bi" did not have any tastethe "thit nuong" was not palatable
Awful experience.  Average food and service does not make up for one of the worse dining experiences of my life.  Beware if you expect to spend more than an hour eating.  They'll ask you to leave.  They don't need to worry - we'll never return.
This place is a huge dissapoinment. You look at the menu and you get excited thinking. Oh this is going to be good!!!  Then the food comes and is wrong. Very wrong. The rice is wet and salty. Too much cilantro all over the place. This is not Mexican is Cuban. Yes we use cilantro on our food but not to that level. Rice should not be soup.  Bad cooking period.
So I had driven by the place and thought it looked pretty chill. I like finding unique places, especially when they brew their own brew. So I looked it up, and found that they were open until 2am, awesome! So a bunch of us tried to go last night. We showed up at 1am and despite the fact that they had big bold lettering "open 10am til 2am" on the front door - they were closed.I'm sorry I can't get behind a business that is going to close early without warning. If you are going to do that maybe don't put in large font on both your front door and your website that you are open until a certain time. Good luck trying to convince me to go there! No thank you.
If I could pick NO stars I would, unfortunately I don't have that option. this place is ridiculous. Waited over 25minutes for chicken. People working at the cashier didn't even bother telling me it would take long. My whole family ate before I got my food and it was cold. This place is a complete joke of Filipino food. Do yourself a favor and cook at home.
Perhaps this is authentic Chinese food  IF Chinese food tastes like lead mixed with funk, then this place is as real as it gets.I don't want to be harsh, because the service was quick and reliable, but the food really missed the mark..  I couldn't brush my teeth quickly enough.Don't do the dumplings, don't do the fried rice and don't do the crispy chicken and chiles.  Since that was my experience, that's really the only advice I have.  Oh, and bring some mints and Pepto.
Worst service ever.  20 minutes for a steak sandwich and a rude cashier. Felt like a rip off and the guy told us... "It is what it is". I will never return to this place and hope that others feel the same way.
i am not persian but embarressed to see the wine called royal kirre..shouldnt be there royal kircome on...be nice..filemignone was not very bad but nothing compare to atlantas rumis..
Super bad service!!!!! We got 7, when me and my friend come in, they ask us to sit down first. I told them rest of my friend will arrived in 20 minutes. They said it's totally fine and ask us to sit down and wait. However, after 5 minutes, when there was more customers came in, they ask us to leave our table and let other customers to sit down first (in a really bass manner)! I said I had informed you that my friend would arrived in 15 minutes. How come they ask customers to get up and leave the table once they assign for the table already! Main point is we have order some appetizer but not just sitting there and holding their table!!! So does it mean that they just want to kick us out! If they want to earn lots of "money" they should just change their restaurant to fast food restaurant not providing service! SUPER SUPER SUPER BAD SERVICE! NOT COMING BACK AGAIN!
Worst Indian in the entire phoenix valley, the lunch buffet had only one chicken dish, one meat, one daal, one vegetable, are you kidding me and nothing was exceptional, it was just average. Not at all good and value for money, Compare the menu with Chutneys on baseline and Ray.I will never come back again.
I too had a horrible experience with Valley Income Properties. They managed our apartment building for a year. In that year, security deposits decreased over 50%, rents decreased, laundry income decreased, lease terms went from 1 year to 6 months and late fees for overdue rent were very rarely collected. As the owner, I had to take over lease extensions because the property manager couldn't get it done. When I asked Rich (the VIP manager who handled our building) via email about my concerns regarding decreased security deposits, expired leases, late fees, etc, his brother Jeff (the owner of VIP) replied and told me I needed to stop micro managing. As the owner of VIP, Jeff should have picked up the phone and talked with me about my concerns instead of being defensive and confrontational about his brother. While he monitored Rich's email, he did not monitor his text or our face to face meetings when Rich told me he managed 24 other properties and was overwhelmed. VIP lacks professionalism and people skills. I would not recommend them at all. The good news is the new property management is professional and competent.
THEY DO NOT LIKE TOURISTS HERE, APPARENTLY.The food here was good. The drink(!) we each had was good. But we will never go here again.I came here with 5 friends for brunch while on vacation from the states last Sunday, it was highly recommended by a local friend with excellent taste. We were seated at a table upstairs with no other patrons (we did not think this was odd, given the size of our group, but the place was not that busy).We each ordered a drink (2 bloody marys, 3 mimosas) and received them about a half hour later. We gave our food orders at this point - it took awhile as they said they had no English menus and did not offer help, so we spent much time googling FrenchEnglish translations. This is likely what set the waiter off (sorry to exist, you xenophobe...). An hour and a half later, we got our food, spare our second drink orders, and my order was wrong (I am a vegetarian and asked for my meal without ham, no problem he said in perfect english...). 20 minutes later while my friends eat, they come back and I tell him the issue, but by now it's been too long to wait for another order so I just order toast. He brings the toast with the bills, but brings no knife to spread the jam. We tensely paid the bills with him there, and left the majority of our meals behind. We could not wait to get out.I ALWAYS tip 20 percent or higher, and this was the first time I did not tip at all. None of us did, and we are all normally heavy tippers. Absolutely infuriating.Maybe it's great for the locals, but this was total bulls**t. We never did get our second order of drinks, and it wasted over 2 hours of our time. Ridiculous. There is some irony in a western-themed place that is anti-USEnglish, isn't there
I love my starbucks! this place was about 40% more than your typical non tourist area.The lady messed up my cinnamon dolce latte to a vanilla latte! She also messed up on a tall medium blend coffee with a shot of expresso. Come on! its pass 7am and I dont need this. Plus 6 people behind me didnt need this either.my cinnamon dolce was water down.It didnt taste heavy like it should. But overall I wont be back to MGM and that means I wont be back at this starbucks!
I was craving meat jun, drove to the outdated address that was listed. The person who answered wasn't sympathetic at all. Paid $14 for 1 thin slice kalbi- almost see through, 1 piece BBQ chicken and 1 slice meat jun. I coulda got cheaper in Hawaii. I specifically asked for Koch-jun sauce which they did not give me in my to go plate, and no chopsticks- really!! If I could I would give this a negative 1 star for the entire experience. So shame an waste my time, gas, and money!
We only decided on Brazas instead of Chima because we got a deal from Groupon. We thought this would be a good way to try a Brazilian Restaurant with some savings. We would have been much better off going to an upscale steakhouse. This was complete buyer's remorse. We hoped for an experience but there was none, at all. The server was weird, kind of off putting. The girls who filled our glasses and picked up our dishes were nicer. They came with meat often and it was kind of annoying because we could barely have a conversation or get up to go to the bar. It is not like there was anything on the bar though, the salad was awful, I didn't even have any. The best food I ate the whole night came from the Indian bar, which was sad because that whole side was empty. The sangria was not good. The meat was fatty. The only thing everyone loved a lot was the grilled pineapple, which I was still not impressed by. For the price I think there should have been some dessert on the bar which may have salvaged the night. Everyone there had a groupon, and I don't think anyone there will go back. We were hoping to at least get an experience, but was extremely disappointed .
You know what you're getting with a Steak N Shake: it's about one rung up from a McD's in quality, and about two rungs down in quickness. At least, you think you know. I used to have a small place in my heart (though the salt and fat weren't very kind to said organ) for Steak N Shake, because hey, who can argue with beef and drinkable ice cream But after my last trip, I can think of nothing more disgusting than having to eat here, this location in particular. I haven't been back in over year, and I will never step foot into a Steak N Shake as long as I have an immune system that I care about. After having eaten here, I hit the restroom on my way out (along with my two friends....hey, we're girls, it's acceptable!). One stall was already taken, so two of us are stuck waiting while this occupant does her....shall we say, business After a few seconds, we realize that she's not only there to relieve herself, but to also take drive-through orders. Yes, that's right...."You want fries with that *flush* Okay, that will be $5.50". I have never, ever witnessed anything so insane as a drive-through restroom. To top it off, after finishing her "bathroom break", she walks straight out of the stall and into the restaurant. I guess she was in too much of a rush to complete the order she had just taken that she didn't have time to wash her hands. And I was in too much of a rush to choke back up what I had just eaten before it wreaked mayhem on my stomach.
This place is not only a filthy dive bar but the waitresses are obviously getting kick backs from the cab service they employ. We walked in and they wouldn't even serve us until we committed to catch a cab even though we walked their and hadn't even ordered a drink yet. Don't go there unless you are in to stinky, dirty bars that have no respect for regular customers. We will never go back again! It's a dirt hole of a place.
I've never been in love with Jolly Bob's .  I get their niche, but have always thought Jamerica had better food.  They do have good cocktails and I do like their coconut shrimp.  I recently went there on a Thursday night with a group of 7.  It took over 5 minutes to even get an acknowledgment from the bartender.  Then about 20-25 minutes to get our drinks.  We were told it would be 45-60 minutes for a table, ok we were fine drinking at the bar....if we actually had service.  Bar service was dreadfully slow...after 90 minutes, still no table.....we inquired and were told that large table was just finishing up.  Well, we decided that due to the poor service we received, we wanted to take our large party elsewhere and went do a restaurant down the street!
The food is good here, but nothing ruins a restaurant like bad customer service. I had a Groupon deal and they lied to me and said it was only worth half its value, because it was towards the end the month. It is never ok to cheat your customers.
I ordered take out of Tom Yum soup and Chilli Chicken, what a disappointment. None of these tasted good, Tom Yum soup was kinda disgusting.
Maybe I just don't like German food but was very unhappy with all the food I tasted. It could have been what I ordered I was disappointed with the selection of food as well. I ordered a Chicken Salad Sandwich and it had way too much sauce on it. My husband let me try a bite of his Rueben which was really good. My kid's loved the authenticity of the restaurant which made it worth it to see them so happy. I wouldn't choose to go back but I am guessing it's probably bc German food isn't my thing.
Okay, so first of all, I'm not from Madison so my opinion of what Ethiopian food should taste like is skewed. But I'm not going to base this review solely on that. I'm going to write this review because the food my sister and I had here the other night was absolutely terrible. We were hoping for a great late-night bite after spending the day on State Street, and this place looked interesting...I wish we had just perused the menu and walked out.I ordered the vegetarian peanut stew, and I tasted no peanuts in the "stew" whatsoever. The injera was disgusting and didn't soak up any of the sauce. My sister commented that it felt like she might be eating skin. I took my last bite and about gagged. Sis had the chicken peanut stew, curious- I tasted her sauce to see if it had any hint of peanut... none. We were both so disappointed in coming here, we walked out pretty let-down and depressed that we actually spent money on that slop. I've had better food served to me from a high-school cafeteria, and believe me, that is saying something.Do yourself a favor and skip eating here, save your first experience with Ethiopian food for a visit to a bigger city. I hate to dis Madison because I think a lot of restaurants here do their best, but Buraka is simply serving the cheapest and most ill-prepared food and getting away with it because you Madisonians have nothing to compare it to! Sorry if this sounded condescending or rude but I really don't want anybody else to leave with a bad taste in their mouth.
I found a thin rope in my donut!!! Not very clean, I would say!
The service was nice, friendly and fast.I'm giving it a 1 star for the food and price. It literally tasted and looked like everything came out of a old can. The consistency was real weird on every level. Probably the worst BBQ food I've ever had. I don't know how else to put it. But if you can avoid it, you should.It was real expensive for the quality of food too. It was $18 for a standard pulled pork plate with a drink. Seriously so bad. But they were friendly and nice. That's about it though. Sorry bubba, you need a makeover. You're giving NC BBQ a bad rep.
Hall of Frames stinks. They recently started advertising with Yelp and have repeatedly complained to Yelp about a 100% genuine and honest 3 star review I wrote about my experience with their service. So Yelp has removed it twice. Now it's rewritten and a 1-star review:80% of the cuts on their frames are very sloppy. They try to cover it up with putty and hope you won't notice. Fortunately, the guys at this Scottsdale store are really nice and they have a no-hassle re-make policy.Unfortunately, they've jacked up their prices. A lot. Now, even with a coupon, their current prices are at about the same level as their non-discounted prices from a few months ago. Now it's no longer worth all the hassle to get custom frames from HOF.Save your money and go someplace else where they will do the job right the first time.
Ordered to go. Absolutely horrible.  I have never had ramen so bad. The noodles were not cooked! Never going back. I called the shop the same day, and I am still waiting for the Owner to call me back. Total rip off of money.
I've had much better poutine elsewhere. I would recommend avoiding...
We had guests visiting from California, so we decided to take them out to BJ's for dessert for their famous pizookie! What a horrible idea. Each one of us had it, and each one of us got sick. I mean sick like vomiting and diarrhea! Will never go back there again.
I like Panera, I like the food, I like the company ideology but sadly for me, this location has been a disaster. I WISH I had as good an experience as the other reviewers.I like to buy my crew lunch, and thought the online ordering would make it easier.Almost every time it is not right, but a few experiences at this location were REALLY bad!One time the order was messed up, special requests were not taken care of (Like no tomato, not challenging requests), we were missing stuff. I gave them the benefit of the doubt, called to request a refund for the missing items. It took 4 calls, 2 days, and a manager to get what was missing refunded. They kept telling me I had to drive 25 minutes back in with my card to get the refund - WTFA second time,  I placed an online order, with a specific pick up time. Went myself to pick it up, I waited 90 minutes past the pick up time. YES- you heard me...90 MINUTES! It was a total disaster in there! Pure chaos. Seriously, painful to watch chaos. It was really bad! But the manager came up to me and apologized and asked me to please try again- on them. OK, fair enough.So the week following, I placed a smaller lunch order for my crew. E-Mailed it over, and called the manager to let him know it was coming in. He remembered me, but still said he was slammed and it would take another 90 minutes to get the order together. That was fine, I sent someone in to pick it up at the agreed time. They can't find the order, and said they never received it. Even though the 2nd e-mail I sent though went though with out a glitch. He then informed the person picking it up, it would be another 45 minutes to make the 7 sandwiches. We declined.I do not know what the deal is with this location, but I cannot risk another crew lunch order here. They cannot seem to get their act together with large orders.Someone needs to go in and help this location, they are BROKEN.
Visiting Tempe on work, I was excited to see a Mongolian BBQ, as California doesnt seem to have good quality mongolian places. I walked in and ordered a huge bowl - seemed like a good price at $11.50 for a bowl, drink, and rice. Food was great and cooked well.The fun thing started when I checked my credit card that I was charged $29 instead of $11.50. Interestingly, I remembered that the lady who charged me at the hostess desk didnt even offer me my receipt. A few days later, I called the manager and let him know. He took down my name, address and how much I was overbilled, and told me that he would send me a check in the mail and call me when he did so. Two weeks, and I am yet to hear from him.Most of all - no apology for screwing a customer and over billing him.  Needless to say, I am never going back when I am back in town for business. I have also let our team of 500 employees in the building next door about this issue. I am guessing a lot of folks are interested in never going back.
I've eaten at only one Brazilian restaurant before, and my experience there led me to believe that the food at Fogo Ebrasa would also be absolutely delicious! There were some decent items on the salad bar, but there were no crab legs like their website indicated. Instead, there was crab salad made with imitation crab. That was the pleasant part of our dining experience. Then the meat starting coming. I'm not exaggerating when I say this, but the lamb and the ribs actually had a strong rancid flavor and were completely inedible.  The rest of the meat was poorly cooked and had no flavor. The service and staff were pleasant, but this place was absolutely not worth the $100 bucks we paid for 3 people.
My experience at BBT was horrible. The man at the door carded both my grand daughter and me. I am over 65. He would not let us enter until I showed ID. Very dark and dingy bar area. Locals at bar were starring at us. We decided to eat on patio that was screened in.  Waitress slapped down menus. Not pleasant. We ordered.  I wanted to substitute potato pancakes for the fries that came with my meal. Was told NO  SUBSTITUTES.   Took way too long for food. Grand daughter asked for refill on her soft drink and was charged for a second drink. Not a good experience.  Will NOT be going back.
Just had some about 5 minutes ago. No.
Really people My rating's as low as it can go to offset all the people raving about this place.The salad bar is... pretty good. As for the meat There was only one cut of meat that I loved. All the rest were mediocre at best (and some were just tough. and chewy. and my jaw hurts thinking about it. oww). I mean, I feel like I could've done better... and last time I checked, I wasn't a cook by any stretch of imagination.I'm a fatty so I'm allllllll for all-you-can-eat meat but you won't see me ever going back to Samba. Not even if someone else is paying. I'd much rather get a steak at Tornado Room or Magnus. Hell, I'd rather have a Big Mac from McDonald's. At least with Mickey D's, I know I'm getting what I paid for. I used to be a vegetarian for years but after a semester in Madrid, haven't looked back. However, if Samba had been my reintroduction to meat, I would've stayed a vegetarian. Ok. That's all. Bye.
This was the worst Persian food I have ever had. The service was even worse than the food. I will never go there again, I have been in many persian restaurants in LA and the Bay Area, this one stands at the bottom of the list. I recommend anything else but Habib.
went there because high rating, but price was not worth what we got... i wouldn't go there again! Food was ok but nothing special... place was crowded and had to wait for long time to be served.
We ate at Primanti Bros based on the reviews on Yelp, hoping to get a real taste of Pittsburgh. What I ordered was a sandwich labeled Pittsburgher Cheese Steak. What I got was an inedible slab of overcooked mystery meat, cole slaw, and mediocre fries, on white bread. The sandwich was very small, but I only ate 12 of it anyway, and I have a pretty big appetite. I recently ate a 20 oz cheeseburger at a local burger joint.I was truly shocked. That was the worst meat that I have seen since Junior High School. We would have been much better off at Burger King. Luckily we had a nice lunch at Salim's to wash the taste of this junk of our mouths.
I have been to this place plenty of times. I have always had good meals and service. But tonight was bad. I went ther with my wife's work friends. We sat at the bar tables and had a bartender named Bo(very red hair)   We had About 8 people and he insisted that if we sit at the tables we have to order food, which we had planned to do. He seemed annoyed with us because we just ordered fried oysters and lots of drinks(it was Friday and happy hour, so we were sitting around chatting and drinking)  we were actually going to order an entre and stay for dinner but Bo seemed very disinterested in us, until it came time to pay the bill, then he was really nice(tip time! Overall the food is good there, but Bo did not make it a pleasant experience. Smile Bo, it will get you far in life!
If you read my previous reviews of this restaurant, I think you'll see that I've tried to be fair, even-handed. But today's experience was ridiculously frustrating. We sat down, ordered two Guinness pints to start. Then...the server returned and announced, "We're out of Guinness." I understand that this is a British -- not Irish -- pub, but to not keep Guinness on hand even in a British pub in America is appalling.  And since the server didn't know up front that they had no Guinness, I have to conclude that they don't consider this an important issue. The end of the story We left and went to Sir Ed's, where the service is excellent and the Guinness always flows.
Terrible service, but i suppose you cannot expect much from the hired 17year old girls. Walked in and went to the register to ask a question. The 3 girls stood there chatting with each other for a good amount of time, while I stood waiting and trying to make eye contact. I finally just interrupted the in-depth conversation about failing their driving tests. My question was sincere and it was answered with a terrible attitude. I did not end up doing business here... After all, wouldn't want to bother the staff with the task of doing their job.
Sorry folks, but this place is terrible.  I had heard my friends raving about it for awhile, but finally had the, uh, "opportunity" to try it out myself.When I first walked in, I noticed it was just $9 for a big bowl, far cheaper than what I'm used to paying at Genghis Grill.  Sounds good, rightWell, when I got to the food selections, I noticed a few things.  First, the meat was frozen. Second, there are only four meat options (frozen chicken, frozen beef, frozen turkey, and frozen pork).  Third, the vegetable selection is limited.  You'll have your lettuce, carrots, cabbage, tomatoes, onions, mushrooms, noodles, tofu, and bean sprouts, but there's not much more.  No eggs, baby corn, or anything else that might be interesting.  Oh, and no dry seasonings.The sauces were encouraging.  I liked the idea of mixing and matching the different components.  After I tasted my food, however, backtracked on the sauce.  My bowl was quite soupy, but very bland.  The sauces have almost no flavor whatsoever.  Now I know why they provide that hot mustard... You need it if you want to actually taste something.The portions were great, but I didn't even finish mine because it was just a bland, soupy mess of frozen garbage.  I think I'll spend the few extra bucks on Genghis.
The food sucks. They brought us bread that was stone cold. The entrees had too much salt and the service was average at best.
utter waste of time if you are considering selling quality items of gold andor diamond jewelry. with no written appraisal or evaluation, a vague verbal offer is made for considerably less than any pawn shop in town would tender. if you are happy after doing business here, it equates to your being absolutely without a clue. this is the clientele which they depend upon when paying less than scrap for whatever you may bring in. avoid this establishment just as you would the plague. i strongly suspect that the lame fav feedbacks posted do not emanate from arms length transactions. caveat emptor!
Over crowded, loud, and not a relaxing experience. Stayed at the hotel and booked two massages. Was looking forward to a tranquil  environment, sadly that did not happen. The service was below par and did not measure up to the quality of the hotel. I was not told about the facilities available, it was loud, crowded, I was told I could relax after massage with my husband, that did not happen, and checking in was not smooth. Sadly not worth the money or time.
We went on a Friday night to start our night.We were carded twice and they wanted to hold a credit card through our dinner!  The waitress said that was restaurant policy.  I am in my mid-30s and am way past the "dine and dash age".The menu has changed dramatically since the last time we were hear.  The food selection is basically wings, burgers and pizza.  Very disappointed to be treated like a punk kid and will not be back to this establishment.  I'd suggest heading across the parking lot to Flying Saucer.
Update since last review:Wrote both the cooperate office and the GM of this location going into detail the series of issues we have had over the past couple months. Not a single reply.
You would have to be white or be with a white person to get good service around here.  I felt a racial tension when I was here last.
went here with my bf and his friend. came in at 7pm. took 10 minutes for someone to even realize we walked in the door..then took about 35 min to even get our food. they didn't seem very friendly. luckily, the food is pretty good [i've eaten indian food in europe before and it almost stood up to that.] i just didn't care for how slow they were.
Ate last night and was greeted by an abrupt and annoying middle eastern man that seemed to mean well, but wouldn't leave me alone as a studied the vast selection of dishes.  If I had to guess, he's probably Israeli, and these people have an abrupt way about them -fine, no prob.I eventually just told them what I was looking for, and they suggested some sort of chicken plate.  I also had a snapple, and given this is basically a falafel stand, I was pretty surprised to be charged $22 for what I had ordered.   Given the food was mediocre AT BEST, and given it was served in a foam container in a fast food enviroment, I was dissapointed on the value front.  I've had WAY better middle eastern food at a fraction of the cost whether it be Lebanese, Persion or Afgan..Anyway, the part that really ruined the meal for me what fact that the other very kind (non-middle eastern) gentlemen who served me actually handled my pita with his bare hands, and he had two old, worn dirty band-aids on each of his thumbs which certainly came in contact wtih my food.  Absolutely disgusting, and totally lacking in any sort of basic food-service hygene.  The original guy was so annoying I didn't even bother bringing up the issue, I just tossed the pita bread in the trash when I got home and wondered how much food this guy touches with his dirty band-aid hands.All in all, $22 for a crap experience.
They don't take credit cards.  That's a non-starter for me.  This is 2012, suck it up, I never have cash, it's the cost of doing business.  The food is too mediocre to pull the "no credit cards" thing, David's Jamaican in Monona is WAY BETTER.
If you think the service and food is bad, just wait until you write a bad review for this disgusting, dirty poor excuse of a restaurant. My boyfriend and I gave it try because of a groupon he had purchased, and like many others that attempted to redeem it...they treated us like we were trash. I don't think they understand the concept of coupons, otherwise they would have tried to make more of an effort. The fact of the matter is, businesses use coupons and promotions to gain a regular population of customers and bring in revenue...but here at Tina's, they use it as a scam. Well it worked, my boyfriend bought the groupon and Tina's found a reason why we couldn't use it EVERY time we tried to use it. They also have little children working there so maybe they should be checked out concerning child labor laws. My boyfriend has been getting harassed non-stop for giving his honest experience with this business on yelp, not only over yelp messaging but by text message also (apparently their business phone is a cell phone and when he called to make sure the messages were from an employee they saved his number after cussing him out). They continue to be unprofessionally vulgar with the language, threatening and were very racist in their messages (calling him a dirty mexican--when he's not even hispanic) which is UNACCEPTABLE. I am ready to hear the racist and demeaning words they have for me, but I think the world should know how disgusting this place is. DO NOT SUPPORT BUSINESSES LIKE THIS, THEY SHOULD NOT GET AWAY WITH TREATING PEOPLE WITH SUCH A LACK OF RESPECT. There are so many other well-deserving, hard working, personable businessesrestaurants that deserve your time and money. And please believe me, when I get the treats and disrespectful messages because of this review it is going straight to the yelp offices and all over the internet.Oh and btw, the person harassing us is an employee there and has written a five star review, so I wouldn't trust any of the good reviews on here. This place needs to get shut down.
Pushiest staff I've ever encountered.  My wife and I recently purchased a new home, and had LOTS of spaces to furnish.  We spent many weekends hitting up the furniture stores along Scottsdale Road, and before going in to Thomasville we looked at their online selection and were impressed.  So... we headed to the store.We were used to the introductions upon entering furniture stores by the sales associates, followed by the occasional "how are you doing" and "can I help you with anything"s.  But the salesman that greeted us here WOULDN'T LEAVE US ALONE.  He shadowed us as we walked throughout the entier store, commenting on EVERY SINGLE THING WE STOPPED TO LOOK AT.  My wife and I had ZERO opportunity to chat amongst ourselves during the entire 20-30 minutes we were in the store.  We consistently made eye contact with each other, trying to figure out how we were going to squirm away from this guy.  Finally, we escaped and needless to say, never went back or bought anything.  It's unfortunate, since their selection actually was good and we may have very well bought some major items from them.  Now, we just laugh every time we drive past the store and talk about the salesman in there that we'll never forget.
The experience of shopping in this store, and interacting with their representatives on the floor, is the epitome of why Amazon is so successful.  Not only did they not have a book that was extensively distributed, but never offered another possibility of making the sale (I.E. Offering to see if it was at another store or could be shipped to my home). I would only recommend this store to someone seeking exasperated and shirt-tempered employees. What a complete waste of time.
The words "epic fail" get thrown around a lot these days....but I really feel like they apply in this situation.We went on Friday, April 2 and arrived at 5:10pm.  It was busy, but not crowded....no waiting for a table.  Half price apps and drinks -- we ordered at 5:20.The food (just appetizers, mind you...) didn't arrive till almost 6pm.  Drinks were ordered and were unbelievably slow.  We placed one order for 6 draft beers at 6:15...they arrived at 6:52.  *37 minutes for beer.*By 7:00, we were canceling food orders which we'd given up on after waiting almost an hour.  We just wanted to leave.Instead of comping anything, they added 18% gratuity to each of our bills.  Uhhhh yeah.  Thanks for giving me one more reason never to come back.   We finally were able to leave around 7:30.Bar Louie:  You are dead to me.
We ate here on Thursday night recently at 9pm.  We were planning on going to Ichiza in the same complex, but we were craving Korean BBQ.  I had my suspicions about this place before I even walked through the door... The place was dead.  The place is very spacious, but there was just one other table and they were just wrapping up.  We should of left, but we really wanted bbq.  I'm not Korean, but I've had my fair share in Seattle.  We didn't get the All-You-Can-Eat, so maybe that's a better experience.  I doubt it though.  As others have said the food was bland or over seasoned.  We had japche, bulgogi, dolsot bibimbap, and soon du boo.  Everything tasted "off".  I'm sorry but this place was just awful.  I wish I checked reviews before we went!
So, we tried this place once before and didn't enjoy it, as there are hundreds of better Chinese places, but my husband said we should give it another chance. So we did last night!We walked in and they didn't seem too busy, we got seated right away, and they brought over the hot tea and menus, so far, good. But then they struggled to get back to the table for our order. My husband had already made up our choices, I usually make suggestions and he orders for us. Tonight, I just let him select. Our beef roll came out first, it was like moo sho pork, pancake rolled with cilatro and scallops, thinly sliced beef and a smidge of hoisen, but they brought us aome exta, they were good.The spicy wontons were a bit mushy sitting in the oily spice, smelled good but taste was ordinary.We also got the noddle chow fun, fat noddles of course, it was also good, but our next three dushes were just so blah, crispy beef, sticky sweet thinnly beef and sliced carrots, not sure it was good, I didn't care for it, kung pao chicken had gritty peanuts, and the mabu tofu was very weak. Well, at 130am, it all came back up! I had the worst tummy ache, a little fever and chills, and the nausea and well.... I'll leave it at that! I guess I should have said something when I saw the guys in the kitchen scraping the rice pot touching the trash can and the guy unwrapping the frozen meat, touching the meat slicer! Never again!
Getting a quick breakfast on "The Strip" can be a bit challenging if you aren't looking for a full-service restaurant. That's why I was excited to learn about La Creperie.I ordered the Bayonne with "imported prosciutto, mozzarella, fresh basil, top with bechamel." After a surprisingly long wait, out came a folded crepe with HUGE chunks of incredibly, overpoweringly salty prosciutto inside, a small amount of melted cheese, and a few sprinkles of shredded basil on top.I love salty food, but I could barely handle the massive amount of salty prosciutto in the crepe, especially compared with the mere token amount of barely basil. And the bechamel was just an added layer of gross.Epic fail.
This was my second visit and alas, my last. Our first visit was at lunch and it was just OK. We weren't blown away nor were we impressed. But I will always opt to support a local Mom & Pop shop if all things are equal. This last visit was the pits.It was 5:30pm on a Saturday night. We were one of two tables. This is usually an indication of something fishy (excuse the pun.) Appetizer was edamame. It was overcooked and left uneaten. I am not the adventurous sushi order-er; I had California rolls and spicy tuna. The tuna rolls were mostly spicy sauce then fish, very mayonnaise-y and unsatisfying. As for my CA rolls, the avocado was all brown! Not just the parts on the top (because I checked!) all the way through. When I brought it to the staff's attention her response was "Oh, yea. Avocado is like banana. They get brown very easily and we cut that yesterday." WHAT! They did bring me another batch (that was part brown, part green) but it was too late. This was my first sushi restaurant EVER that we left half the rolls on the plate uneaten. Since we were all still hungry, my daughter picked up the table tent listing all the desserts. Yuck! Filthy. Not wiped down in a long while or perhaps ever. When I set it back is when I noticed the wall also needed a good wipe down. Needless to say, we skipped dessert. Our first visit deserved a 2.5 but this visit was a 1.
No breadNo mealNo waterPotatoes when asked for noneRudeLiterally ordered food and never received it.  Everyone else in my party did, but I was somehow forgotten.  When I inquired on the whereabouts of my food, the server actually ignored me...twice.  THen, they charged me for the entree I never received.  Unbelievable.  NEVER going back.
I have cancelled my 30 year association with AAA because of real concerns over AAA's management ability.The issue starts with an initial 3 hour wait for towing. The call was cancelled by me because of the late hour and the very high 10PM heat (Arizona).  We were first told by a customer service rep that there would be a one hour wait. This was changed to 15 to 20 minutes. After a no show and a call by me  the time was changed to an additional hour and subsequently one more hour.The next morning an initial call gave us a one hour wait for a tow. When calling customer service we were told that the tow company was on site. When the agent was told that there was no tow vehicle on site and following a 5 minute hold we were told that there would be an additional hour's wait.We found an alternative tow company.My concerns and why I cancelled my membership:1. Our customer service rep repeatedly had to call a "dispatcher" for updated arrival information. The service rep was parroting what he was told by the "dispatcher." CONCERN: The dispatcher probably had no concern about feeding the rep accurate information. This could be because of 1) poor operational procedures or 2) the dispatcher has no responsibility for customer service and is insulated from the customer by the service rep. This could reflect poor internal communications and priorities within AAA.2. The changes in the wait times was explained by the fact that there was a high volume of service calls.CONCERN:  The dispatcher had no control over its' vendors (towing companies)This could be be because 1) poor operational management allowed vendors to change arrival times at will or 2) AAA has reduced the number of vendors for cost cutting or profit reasons. or 3) AAA has limited ability to plan its' operational requirements. 3) Placing a buffer (the service rep) between the customer and the Dispatcher allows the operational management the ability to operate without concerns for the customer. The service rep had no real idea as to the status of the arrival of our tow truck.In fact, right or wrong, none of these issues are my concern. As a customer we we stuck in a parking lot in high heat  with no anticipation of relief. Obviously we found a place of safety while waiting but my concern is what if there had been no place of safety.Other notes:While waiting I called Membership Services. The first four automated prompts referred to ways to join AAA or improve membership standings. (spend more money.) The 5th prompt allowed access to a sales person. This person was located in Las Vegas.Why I cancelled my membership:1) I had previously retained AAA membership as a primary agency to call if I had an automobile problem. I am backed up by: my auto insurance company, 2 credit card companies and an extended warranty policy that provide emergency automobile services.  I kept AAA, at added expense, because I had thought that their years of experience would serve them well in providing Emergency Services.CONCERN: I have cancelled my membership because I believe that AAA has changed its' priorities with regards  to operational procedures and customer service.2) The alternative emergency service that we called gave us an arrival time for a tow and then gave us the telephone number of the vendor that would provide the service.CONCERN: For unknown reasons this option was not offered by AAA. I will add that in the past this was offered.CONCLUSION:I recommend that users consider alternative methods of contracting for Emergency Road Services.
I will not be going back because the owner would not honor my $15 groupon.  My waitress asked her 2 times and she said no.  There are plenty of great places in North Scottsdale...this is not one of them.
This place looked so fun from the outside!  Too bad the food is disgusting and the place is filthy.  Just for the record, I am not a Jamaican food expert by any standard but I know when something is disgusting.  Will not be back.
Omg this place is HORRID! I've never even reviewed a place so low before! I'm really disappointed Vegas!So this has got to be the worst Dim Sum restaurant I've been too. With food and service. Usually service is horrible at dim sum, because its dim sum. They feel the need that they don't need to check up on you, because they have the little ladies with carts going around, and around serving you what you choose. Which isn't that bad.But this place... As soon as we got seated, they brought out our water in PLASTIC disposable cups, when everyone else had regular re- used washable cups. How do you run out of cups Very classy for a "nice" restaurant. And we had also got tea, chrysanthemum tea. As I poured it into my tea cup, I looked in and saw that a bug came out of the pot! It was disgusting! We couldn't even get anyones attention to change it out. Or for them to take it away.Also, our Soy Sauce bottle was empty!! They didn't even notice to give us a new one, we had to switch it out with the table next to us.And at last,, the food. It was COLD. Dim sum is suppose to be hot. Steaming hot. But it was so cold, it was breaking apart. Horrible I tell you.
Worst meal I have had to date.  Orange Beef, hot n sour soup, brown rice all terrible.  How do you mess up rice  The rice has some smokey coal bad water flavor going on....yuck...good bye 30 dollars.
Ok, time to bring these reviews down to reality.Note: I am not an Hawaiian food expert so if you are, take that into consideration.This Resturant has Kitchen nightmare written all over it.  The Resturant itself is in TOTAL disrepair.  Lights and air conditioning don't work, the carpet is filthy, the tables are scattered with outdoor lawn chairs, cables hang from the ceiling, decor is beyond decayed.FOOD: based on reviews here, I had the Hawaiian plate.  The pork had over 1 pound of pure fat in it.   Maybe that's the Hawaiian way, but for me it looked totally disgusting.   My wife had the teriyaki bowl.  Parts of it were burnt and afterwards she was complaining her stomach hurt.  Rice was ok.DETAILSResturant:  110 (this ain't homey -- it's rundown)Ambiance:  110 (scary!)Service: 510 (a little slow but friendly)Cleanliness: 110 (board of health should be concerned.)Food: 110 (we were trying to determine what was editable. Not good.)Restroom: don't know.  I was too scared to go in.Parking: 410 (small lot)Overall quality seemed to be totally lacking.
We just gave up.  We were at the restaurant for almost two hours and nobody walked away full.  The waiters shaved off child-sized portions of meat and scurried away.  We requested the meat that we wanted and they nodded and walked off and we never saw them again.  Of the 15 types of meat on the menu we saw about seven or eight.  We asked for mint jelly (someone in our group loved lamb and mint jelly) at least six times over 20 minutes before they brought it.Some of the meat was "okay", the salad bar was underwhelming and the sides were only good for taking up room at the table.  We were so disgusted with this place that we didn't even try dessert.  The service was so unbelievably horrible that we didn't leave a tip.  We had to get the hostess to take our credit card.  Maybe if they turned on a few extra lights, the waitstaff could've seen us sitting there.Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else or spend the extra money and have a meal you'll never forget at a real Brazilian steak house (instead of a meal you wish you could forget at this imposter).
I've passed this place a dozen times then one day, armed with a nasty yearning for some sweets, my girlfriend and I went on in. To our amazement, finding actual candy in this store was harder than finding Waldo in a picture....with no Waldo! There are a few scattered racks of your general Hershey fare but not much else. There is a wide variety of M&Ms but no matter how many colors it comes in, its still the same candy! The little fun house walking tour inside is a little amusing, until you realize that you have to turn around and walk back through oncoming foot traffic to get back out. Thank goodness there were elevators at the top floor which allowed me to bypass the escalators on the way down. After being to the Hershey's store in Hershey, PA (after the factory tour) I left this Vegas spot feeling disappointed, misled, and down right cheated. It did kill my craving for chocolate though.
DISCRIMINATION AT PIO PIO.PIO PIO WAITER BANNED ME, MY PREGNANT WIFE AND 3 KIDS FROM THE  RESTAURANT FOR ASKING THEM TO BE MORE ATTENTIVE TO US.I really like the food here but the service is the absolute worst.  The waiters definitely tend to the non-minority patrons before the minority customers and treat them better.  Guess what I am Yep, you guessed it,  a minority. On one trip to Pio Pio, the really skinny, delicate looking guygirl (I'm not sure) waiter with the overly plucked eyebrows forgot 2 of my kids's kids meals.  Maybe it was because we ordered so many dishes that they got confused and it just got lost in the shuffle.  Good thing we ordered so much because my kids ate plenty and their dishes were not missed but we kept looking out for their meals to arrive during the entire meal.  We figured they never placed the order but when we received the check we were billed for it.  I had them remove the charge but they had this look on their faces like we ate the meal and were trying to get a freebie (2 kid meals for $4 bucks each or so). I let it slide and left a full 20 % tip because we still had a great meal and lots of fun.On subsequent visits the service was typically and terribly slow but on my last visit I was forced to let them know how unacceptable their service towards us was.  We sat outside, which was a big mistake because since we were not in their immediate line of sight and vicinity, they seemed to have lost track of us.  They were painfully slow to take our orders, serve our drinks, bring out our food, and fill our waters.  We ordered an additional rice and beans side dish during the course of the meal and waited 30 minutes for it to arrive when we were already done with the meal.  We asked for more water and the head waiterhead bus boymanager agreed.  15 minutes later he passed by to tend to the table next to us and I asked him for water.  He said okay.  15 more minutes he passed by again empty handed and I asked for a water refill.  He angrily said he will get to it and that they were busy.  I asked a passing waitress for the bill which she got to us about 20 minutes later.  It took another 15 minutes for them to pick up the credit card that I was going to pay the bill with.  15 minutes later when she finally brought the credit card slip back for me to sign I still had not gotten a water refill and my pregnant wife was really thirsty and irritated.  No one came to check on us and I wrote a note at the bottom of the credit card slip letting them know that we are regulars that have spent thousands of dollars at the restaurant and have been continually given poor customer service.  I let them know that this was not right and needed to change.  I did not leave a tip which they did not deserve, which is not usually smart if you are a return customer because they will undoubtedly spit in your food the next time you come.I returned 3 months later with my even-more-pregnant wife, my 3 kids and a head teacher of the local school who became a big fan after we introduced her to the food.  She has since turned 8 of her friends onto it as well.  As I walked towards the restaurant, I told my teacher friend that I had serious issues with the service at Pio Pio but the food is too damn good to deny. Little did I know I was about to be denied.When I walked through the door we were greeted by the skinny overly-plucked eyebrow person.  He walked past me and spoke to my wife with a big smile in spanish and basically told her the owner said we were banned from the restaurant for what we did the last time we were there. What You mean tell you guys to treat us better I asked to speak with the owner and was told he was not there.  We went back and forth for a minute or so and decided not to beg to eat there and we left.  He felt pretty good about kicking us out because heshe had a big old smile on his face. I decided we would handle the issue with the owner directly.My wife called the restaurant asking to speak with the owner, who we've actually met and spoken with on several occasions.  He's a fellow New Yorker and was super cool when we met.  The head waiterhead busboymanager guy who wouldn't refill our waters on our last visit answered the phone and said the owner will stand by what they said.  He then said if we have so many problems with the restaurant then why do we go back.  We did not call to speak with this idiot so we did not bother to explain.  Dear Pio Pio owner- your waiters are horrible.  Today they kicked out 3 kids, a 7-month pregnant woman, a head elementary school teacher and me- all because we let them know that they need to step up their customer service.  You have lost our business and hard earned money.  You have lost our teacher friend's business.  You have lost her 8 friends' business.  All because of your waiters that don't treat minorities as equals.
We had a series of misfortunate events take place from the moment we arrived, all the way through to the time we left.  It's actually quite sad because I'd like to share the information, but I'd rather lick dog poop off the bottom of my shoe than waste another moment of my life on this place.  It's awful and we won't be going back.  The worst of our experience  Let's just say that the hotel employee who used his master access to open up our room, while we were in it, with the privacy sign on, pretty much sealed the deal here.  If anyone's had theft problems, this may be why.  Hotel staff was quick to throw out "sorry" for each thing that went wrong, but we strongly suspect nobody meant what they said. (I didn't want to give this place any stars, but one star is needed to submit this review...)
Might be the worst Indian food I have ever eaten.
I used to love the Cuban food at this restaurant.  Not any more.  I don't know if the ownership changed, but it's now called "Mamita's" and the chef clearly doesn't know how to cook.  Moreover, the service was incredibly slow and bad.  I ordered the masas de puerco fritas, and it arrived dry.  I asked for garlic sauce, and ten minutes later, the chef sent out a bowl of onions in oil.  Terrible service, worse cooking.  Too bad. Stay away.
Just felt like adding the fact that I have traveld extensively through all of southern Spain and am very familiar with tapas. The food at this place does not remotely resemble anything I have had in Spain or any other good tapas restaurants in the US (New York, DC, SF, etc.). Everything lacks in flavor and freshness. Bottom line, hate it.
This seemingly is JUST for the home--not for people's clothes. I thought it was a JoAnn's competitor.Bolts and bolts of fabric on hanging rolls. Also carpets. No one said hello or offered to help us. No patterns here. They have designer fabric but i didnt check the labels.
Unfortunately I will never go to Angel Sweet again due to a very unpleasant encounter I had with the manager here.  I came to ask about having Angel Sweet cater an event I was doing for a non profit or to see if they'd donate a gift card. Rather than just saying "no" I was berated for "money grubbing" and then the supervisor proceeded to walk into the back while continuing to yell at me for having the gall to ask for a donation.  I have no problem with rejection and obviously understand that small business are often not able to support non profits in our community.  What I don't understand is how someone in a customer facing role can be so incredibly rude to a member of the public.  I live less than a mile from Angel Sweet and used to go here a minimum of once a week. I got the message loud and clear that Angel Sweet doesn't want or need my business.
Gordon Ramsey please visit this place! * Food little better than a TV dinner, yet competed with some of the best restaurants in town...ON PRICE * They served us rancid wine. * Service was terrible Ownermanager hung out in lobby socializing with friends rather than helping clients that were waiting an absurd amount of time for food. Gristle laden beef jerky floating in oil served as a dish Flamenco was ok...this place should give up trying to serve food and being a high end restaurant and Just become a bar night club and serve a few simple fresh dishes if anything at all. Or get a restaurant consultant in there and totally revamp the menu.I almost always try a place twice, but, not thinking so in this case.
The food here used to be good, but like the side of town its on, it has gone down hill. I would not feel comfortable eating here at night without my friend Smith & Wesson with me.Its an old style 50's drive in where you order at your car and car hops bring the food. The last time I ate here the BBQ was greasy and had no smokey flavor. What really turned me off about the place was the car hop. I took my Mom for lunch one day. The bill was $12. I gave the car hop $15 and told him to keep the change. He looked at me in disgust and just turned around and walked away with out so much as a thank you or anything.  I gave him a 25% tip. What did he want 50%Thats okay, because Bar-B-Q King will never see me again! I'll spend my hard earned money where the food and service are better.
Very upset today by the poor service received the manager and store clerk who could not locate my order and indirectly stated I must have ordered from the wrong store!  Which is incorrect seeing as I had spent  over $65 on two cakes two weeks prior. I would have not accepted the cake they all of a sudden found had it not been for a coworkers birthday.
I've stopped in twice during normal hours and was told they were currently not serving!! If third try is a charm, we may never know.
Brutal!  Went here on the advice of someone working at a nearby business and was absolutely floored at how bad it was.  Ordered iced tea and it tasted like it was made from water filtered through nougat!  Yuck!  My friends meal looked very lackluster.  He said the meat was fine, but nothing special.  I had some long noodles with bulgogi.  I normally love this dish, but something was really off with this.  My friend finished, we paid the bill and left.  Ended up at Los Tacos next door and was thrilled I had discovered my new favorite taco stand.  Island Style came through with that at least.
Came back here for Eid with my family, and being such a normal customer I was expecting the food to be as stellar as usual. Unfortunately it wasn't that, at all. The kibbeh was cold inside(as if it was frozen then nuked in the microwave). The beef shawarma was burnt, the fatooush didnt have any salt in it. The chicken shawarma was stale, and the garlic dip had no hint of garlic in it. Truly depressing, and I looked like a fool talking so highly about this place. To let them serve us all of this "food" was unfortunate,  it makes lebanese cuisine look bad.
I am sad that this is the only baking superstore in my vicinity. Perhaps if this store were located among the many craft and culinary boutiques in the heart of Stepford (aka the East Valley), it would not be so highly rated and flocked to in throngs. I've only attempted to shop here thrice but each time I have been unable to find any of the things I had been looking for. I felt snubbed by the baking ladies who'd rather cackle amongst themselves about whose cardiologist was potentially worse than help a customer find a product. Instead I blindly searched and was waved off to an area where the items "might be" and when happening upon an "out of stock" label on a lonely shelf, was offered no further assistance on how I might acquire said missing item in the future. I left the bakery as I had come in, without a greeting and without notice. It's a shame this place blows so badly because it does smell amazing!
Don't go to this restaurant.  The employees are THIEVES.   My daughter left her phone on the table and went back to get it from the parking lot.  When she got back to the table the phone and the tip was gone.  The employees claimed they didn't have or see the phone.  I used Lookout security to locate the phone 4 hours later at the restaurant and returned.  When I did the employees again played innocent.  We then made the phone scream using the software.  When we did someone in the restaurant stashed the phone in the men's bathroom in the toilet brush holder (YUK).   Proof is that an employee had the phone and wouldn't give it up to me or my daughter until they couldn't silence it and had to stash it in the bathroom.  Again, nothing but a bunch of thieves work there and they'll steal from you any chance they get.
This place was pretty bad. We got the nutella, fruits du mer, peanut butter & bananas, and the mixed berry crepes. The only one that was good was the peanut butter. I think a lot had to do the poor quality of the ingredients. Would not go back.
I really don't know how this place got any good reviews. One big problem is that the place is dirty, the carpets, the lighting above the tables and the furniture. I have tried this place 5 times in the past 2 years and this is how it went. The 1st time I had a burger which tasted funny and I didn't finish it. I got food poisoning and was so sick. This I thought might have been a stomach flu so I did try this place again. The 2nd time I was with some friends from the neighborhood and 35 of us had the spaghetti and meatballs and we got food poisoning.Now I'm thinking that they have a hygiene problem with the ground meat. I was going to stay away from the place but a friend from Troy hill liked to stop there because it was close to her home. No problem,next time I got french fries with gravy. How could this be a problem.When they got to the table they had put cold canned gravy on my fries.When I told the waitress about it she took it back to the kitchen and microwaved it till it was the heat of lava. Needless to say I refused to pay for them. The 4th time my friend dragged me there, I had a salad. I didn't get sick but it wasn't anything special with bagged salad mix and a couple of under ripe tomato pieces and cucumber. The last time I only got a slice of pie and this was good. I no longer have to go to Billy's, my dear friend has passed away and I refuse to go anywhere near the place. To the owner-Please sell the restaurant, you obviously don't care for the place or know how to handle food safely.
Tried this place for the first time and got the mini Maui chicken for lunch. Teriyaki is mediocre at best, chicken is not freshly prepared as if they took it out of the fridge and stuck it in the microwave for a few seconds. Salad is just a cheap head of iceberg lettuce chopped up. I should've headed down the street to Leo's Hawaiian and stuck to my usual.
Stay away!!!!!! The waiterswaitresses hate you and your hapiness.
I never thought I would see the day where I gave a Starbucks a single star :(This is my least favorite Starbucks I have ever been to during my career of drinking Starbucks on a near hourly basis.The coffee doesn't taste like Starbucks coffee.  This may be because the water at the Monte Carlo tastes like dog sweat and obviously this Starbucks is justing tapping into Monte Carlo's supply of water taken straight from the sewer.Second, the price for a cup of coffee is 50% higher than any other Starbucks.  It just shows that Starbucks could charge whatever they want and we will still fork out the money for it.  But Starbucks should do so at its own risk: We will yelp about it and trash you!!!
Overpriced, salty and overrated!!! Why this place is so popular I will never understand.
I went to Pino's recently, only to be disappointed by the owner himself. I guess I should have read the reviews on here before going, seeing as a lot of people echo the sentiments that I feel.After my mother sent back her extremely oversalted steak, the chef came out to "apologize". It was very embarrassing how he chastised her for not enjoying her meal. He then snidely commented, as walking away, that he would "never salt his steak again". I don't really take kindly to people speaking so rudely to my mother. She was very polite about sending it back and certainly didn't deserve any attitude. We had an event to attend, which we were very clear with to our waitress. So when my mother reordered another meal (a salad), which took another twenty minutes, my mom asked for it to be immediately wrapped up. The chef returned, obviously chewing to make a point, and sneered at my mother, announcing her steak that she refused to eat was actually quiet good. Well, I have never felt more embarrassed in a situation. I said he was being rude to my mother, a paying customer. He proceeded to get heated and tell me it was not his job to make people happy (!!) and that everyone else seemed to enjoy their meal and we just had to get to the inside of the steak to appreciate it. The drama continued when he did not have change for $100 for a $57 bill. Sorry, how can you not have $33 in change! He ended the night by throwing our bill in a crumbled mess on the floor and walking out. Overall, embarrassing. It was an embarrassing situation for anyone to witness. Take heed of the negative comments on this site. I certainly wish I would have.
I honestly don't understand what all these great reviews are about. Perhaps I caught them on a bad day Perhaps they ordered a bad shipment of meat Either way, my dining experience at Komol was one of the most unpleasant lunches I have ever had.The meat. Dear God Almighty, the meat. Perhaps they accidentally gave me food out of the garbage I ordered the Red Beef Curry and it was disgusting, absolutely disgusting. My co-workers ordered chicken and seemed to fair fine, but I made then sample my beef and they agreed it was awful. The bad beef alone might have gotten them three stars, but the complete disregard for the fact that they were serving inedible food is what gets them one star. I did not eat even 15 of the food brought. When the waiter asked if I wanted to take the   rest home, I said no. I asked the other people if they wanted the food, and they all said no. One even said, "That meat is awful" while the waiter was there. The server's response "Ok." Not a word of concern, not an offer to bring a new dish. Nope. Komol will serve you garbage and does not care if you hate the food, just as long as you pay.Most restaurants notice, and care, if someone doesn't eat their dish and doesn't take it home either. That's generally the universal sign it was bad. Most restaurants will try to get you something else or ask if there's anything they can do to fix it. Not Komol. Komol wants you to pay and get out.Given the great reviews from others, I'm assuming there are other, more edible foods on the menu. But, take my advice, stay AWAY from the beef. And stay away from Komol if you want a place with good customer service.For a delicious Red Beef Curry, try Le Thai. The beef there is tender, high quality, juicy, and does not taste like garbage.
Falafel - Abou HannaCuisine LibanaiseSmall place but amazing Falafel!Right opposite Adonis
Been to C Fu many times.  Figured I may as well write a review now. I've only been to C Fu for dim sum.  Since leaving my comfort zones of the Bay Area and Las Vegas, I was dying for dim sum.  What a gem this place is.It's loud, crazy and over crowded on the weekends, but service is fast, nice and friendly.I love the dim sum.  Dare I say I've found my all time favorite dim sum place ever  I think I am going to!We've taken some of my husband's co-workers to dim sum -- we think it may have been a bit too exotic and overwhelming for them.  We didn't care, we still ate.A definite place to be for cheap group eats.
Finding a parking spot can be painful.  I used to live close enough to the Cholla trail-head to jog over, hike to the top, and jog home.  If I had to drive there, I certainly would not go on the weekend.  
I just began taking yoga classes with Gilbert Yoga and I am in love. The enviroment is soothing and relaxing, my instructor Lisette is amazing and the pricing is just right. Currently I am taking the pre-natal yoga class, but plan on continuing here once my baby is born. By far the best studio I have found in the east valley.
We recently had a concert print framed here and we LOVE it! The gentleman that helped us made some great suggestions, and the result is beautiful. I can't wait to return with more prints, posters, and pictures:) We were also quoted two weeks for the project, and we received a call only after one week- nice:)
Thank You Kim and Kurt! It was very nice of you guys to take the time to post your reviews on our service. We really appreciate it. We hope your clocks will continue to do well for years to come. Please dont hesitate to give us a call if there's anything else we can do for you.LisaPaul's Clock Repair
China King, you are my new man. To those fools who have given them anything but 5 stars, I say you must have ordered off of the gringo menu. I lived in Chandler, where Olive Garden, Outback and Chili's are considered "good eatin". Sacrilegious is what I call it. My dining mate was wary of Chinese, the way most people are, because you are never really sure of what you're getting. I am so happy I tried this place. I went back three times in one week for more. I LOVE IT!!The first time I went in for dinner, I was taken aback by all the Chinese people eating there. Think back to every Chinese place you've been. Have you ever seen any kind of Asian person in there (other than the ones working) Chances are, the answer is no. This place was PACKED. We were handed menus with about 8 items on it. It's your typical General Tso's Chicken, Sesame Chicken, etc...I looked around at what everyone else was eating and it did not look like "typical" Chinese food. So I said to the waiter- "what are they eating" He said something back that I didn't understand, then he disappeared. My mate looked nervous and asked what I just got us into. Who cares! It can't be that bad!!When the waiter returned, he had a menu that was about 5 pages long with pictures of delicious looking treats. We told the waiter that we liked duck, fish, noodles (and a bunch of other random things) and to just bring whatever was best. We got a half duck as an appetizer that was melt-in-your-mouth good. Crispy skin and tender meat, exactly how it should be. For entree, we got a whole fish and some crispy noodles. We even got some Chinese beer. Dessert was sketchy, but then again, it was free so who can complain The other times I went, I had the BBQ pork, the sizzling chicken plate, and some other delicious items I can't recall or pronounce. I also went back for lunch and had the Dim Sum. I almost think I should write a separate review for the lunch because it was that good. I mean, really people just coming around with the BEST food ever asking if I want to try it. You're damn right I do. And don't stray too far, because I'll want seconds.All in all, the most amazing Chinese food in a casual setting with very reasonable prices. The staff is super friendly and efficient. Also, there was some Chinese type "Idol" on TV and I felt very authentic being there, like I would step outside and be on a busy street with open air markets and people serving fried grasshopper. Instead, I walked outside and saw the glaring neon lights of the adjacent Boston Market. Oh Chandler. Does Boston Market even know that it is in the presence of greatness Bow to the King.On a last note...what is up with these people who write glowing reviews and only give 4 stars What do you want them to do, wipe your ass, too Give China King the comeuppance it deserves!!!!
I love going here for portuguese food. This placed has been open for many many years so they know exactly what there doing with the food and service.  I always take the half chicken and instead of the fries i take the potato chips which are made fresh and taste really good. i'v also tried there shrimp brochette which is also very good. One of the best portuguese to go places in Montreal.
Truly 5 Star Peruvian Food; the tastes were delicious, the people were friendly, and the prices are reasonable. Definitely come try this place, you will come back.
Freestone park weather is almost here!Pry their cold dead hands off that video game console and get them outside for some fun!From the train, to the ducks, fishing, the clean picnic area's or the batting cages and carousal there is something to do.Been here with my family and nieces and just in general while going to gilbert schools, always a nice experience !The nice weather is almost here!
The Olive is a Las Vegas rarity - authentic, clean, consistent, intelligent food that is prepared and served by people who are connected to both the cuisine and its attendant cultural nuances. It's a cozy, family owned hookah bar offering the purest Jordanian tobaccos available in LV as well as a fully stocked bar, teas, coffees, traditional Mediterranean appetizers, sandwiches, and salads. The ambiance is nice for a single party lunch (plenty of booth seating and space for a laptop and a cup of tea). The star of this place is their combination platter - it is RIDICULOUSLY dirt cheap for the massive profusion of appetizers you receive, including the smokiest babaganoush I've ever had, fresh garlicy hummus, tsatsiki, lots of warm pita (*whole wheat available upon request), fresh vegetables, insanely addictive tabouleh, briny feta, and perfumey green olives. They are super fast in fulfilling orders, I order lunch from here a few times a week and it is always ready within five minutes. DJ's and strobe lighting at night, and poetry readings on Wednesdays (I avoid both). Unfortunately, they do not deliver.
Dad (89) & I had a great time. Lots of fun! Never could match up colors to instructors & she went really fast. They do give you time to catch up & finish at the end of class. Some paintings were more impressionistic then others & you could vary colors on our 'Rose'. This would be great for a kids party or any party. Also, a great activity for groups like Red Hats...& we weren't even drinking wine. Really fun!!!
How have I never reviewed Bricks  Time to remedy that.  My daughter has taken dance classes off and on for several years here.  She has tried several styles of dance and, as she has grown up, her preferences have changed.  Regardless of style, she has always had amazing teachers who are very interested and supportive of her.  Miss Mandy and her staff are also entirely focused on making the whole experience great for everyone...kids and families.  The studio is so cute, very comfortable, and it really feels like a community.
By far the best cigar pipe selection  with a lounge in the Pittsburgh area!  Great employees and very knowledgeable as well ! A must to come by too!
I would have to say I'm pretty partial to Rock Bottom, I have been going almost every Thursday for the past 3 years because of the fantastic "Team Trivia". My friends and I love the atmosphere, the DJ (Todd), and the service that we get at Rock Bottom. Every week when we go a menu is never needed because we pretty much know everything we want on it, except for when the change the menu from time to time and we get to have a special treat with something new! As an avid Rock Bottomer, hands down I have never in my life had a better spicy spinach cheese dip than I have had here at Rock Bottom. Whether I have eaten dinner or not before I come down to the restaurant, my favorite and my food of choice is the ENORMOUS Ball park pretzels with the cheese dip. It is a meal itself! The mixture of onions, cheese, spinach and tomatoes is perfection! Another favorite of mine is the Barbecue Chicken Pizza, it has a great kick to it and it's big enough for two people. The service has always been super great and now since we go often we have developed a great relationship with some of the wait staff. A truly great place to have fun with friends and meet new people! Come to Team Trivia every Thursday at 8pm!
I'm a mom of 3 and work at a bank and I still felt extremely comfortable at this place.  It's very clean and inviting inside and the staff is extremely professional, warm and SME's in piercing!  I would even bring my kids here to get their ears pierced vs. going to Claire's where they don't know what they're doing, not to mention that place is a rip off.  As a bonus, Nova's bakery is next door!
I really don't understand some of the negative reviews for this place.  It seems like they were looking for a different experience.  Make no mistake, this is an expensive highend steakhouse.  Go for a good cut of meat and the best calimari in town, hands down.  Regarding someones comment about not ordering anything above medium-rare, i disagree...I get ribeyes medium all the time.
Excellent value for the price. Probably the best way to introduce Filipino food to people. The selection is big and the price can't be beat....
This is a wonderful location for a romantic evening with your special someone.  My wife and I love to go to The Melting Pot, but it is not something you can do all that often, unless you are rolling in cash.  But, you are getting great fondue and wonderful ambiance for the price, so don't let a little expense steer you away.I remember one year, for my wedding anniversary, I took my wife to The Melting Pot for dinner, then surprised her with a night in a suite at the hotel we spent our wedding night.  It was very romantic.  We even got one of the cool booths that has a privacy curtain.But, you don't just have to go for romance - take some friends and just go for cheese and chocolate!  That is a bit more reasonable, and absolutely, sinfully delicious.The beef, chicken and fish are all top quality cuts, and the vegetables and fruits are bright and delicious - at the peak of ripeness.I cannot recommend this place enough.  Remember, you are going to drop some dough, but you aren't going to care once you eat the food.You go now!!
Really great place to go. There was bluegrass music playing when I went which was a pleasant surprise. It wasn't too loud, so you could talk with others at your table. The food and service was great. Definitely want to come back here again
I love gelato!  I can't believe it has less calories than regular ice cream because it tastes so good.  I like to try out new flavors all the time.  I love that they allow you to sample the flavors too.
Pure Bliss - I haven't had a quality meal experience like this in a very very long time.  The full 4 course dinner was stupendous and well worth every cent. You MUST try the Yin & Yang Martini!  It was  a very creative and well presented drink  that had me all smiles.  I had the Smores & Chocolate desert and it was hands down my favorite (I've tried at least 5 others).
Some of the best Chinese food I've ever had!  The ginger beef was DIVINE!!!I am so sad that this restaurant has closed.  It was my favorite Chinese restauraant anywhere!
Great dining experience if you pay the right price!Dare I say this is the best steakhouse in Pittsburgh  I've been to several Mortons, and at this location at least 4 or 5 times.  It lives up to any other Morton's I've been to - the experience is pretty consistent across the chain.  They have a great deal on their website called "Steak and Seafood for 2 for $109.99" that includes:Loaf of Signature Bread2 Salads (Morton's or Caesar)Veggie to SharePotato To Share2 Single Cut Fillets (additional selection at additional price)2 Seafood Accompaniments2 DessertsAs you can see, the amount of food is a lot, and it can easily be shared by three. We had the fourth member of our party order Al a Carte and the bill was under $200 with tax and tip out the door. The service is great and the food, unbelievable. No one does a filet mignon as great as Morton's, and their Legendary Hot Chocolate Cake is to die for.So, if the price is right ($50 a person or so), I say by all means, go here! If it's a special event, such as a birthday, etc. they put "Happy Birthday, ______" on the menu without even being asked to do so and take a picture of the entire group. It a great experience and we love going to Morton's!
$9 or $10 flat fee gets you a bowl in which you can moosh and pile high with meats, vegetables and noodles.  Grab a few tissues by the meat and crunch down the everything as you go.  If you have someone with you take a tissue and their bowl and smash your stuff down and they can do the same.  At the end is tons of sauces and a menu board with favorite combinations.  I tend to make my own mixture of two of the sauces and double up on what they recommend because I usually have a TON of noddles and meat.  Double your sauces and you will get tons of sauce.  I recommend getting a "doggy bag" at the beginning because if you pile on your food you will have extra for a few days.  They are only 50 cents so it is very affordable.
Jozsa's Corner was an authentic and rewarding experience. The food was tasty and well priced. Fun was had by all. You sit in a family room with walls covered in old black and white hungarian photos at a table for 10, the lighting is low and the music is reminiscent of a European corner market. The table is covered in plastic and the dining wear is plastic, but the warmth of the environment, foot and Jozsa more than make up for any lack in formality.Jozsa, the man who cooks your meal and serves you is a 70 year old Hungarian with a friendly smile and a lot of great stories to tell. The authentic and delicious tasting menu that was had by our party was 6 course meal with appetizer, soup, noodle dish, beef dish, chicken dish, and a dessert, served family style in generous portions. The drinks were byob. You get so cozy and full that it is hard to leave.  The grand total for the hospitality, unique experience and 6 all you can eat courses  $20 with tax and gratuity including.  If you live in Pittsburgh, don't miss out on this little known hidden gem!
I have been there for the buffet and it was delicious and very varied: the morros y cristianos, arroz con pollo, pork, ropa vieja, pescado to name just a few.The food seems very authentic (better that other  Cuban restaurants I have been to). The deserts are excellent too.I will definitely eat here again, whenever I will come back to Vegas.
I like the lunch buffet here and they offer great service. Surprisingly nice decor. One of the waiters let us pester him with our ignorant questions about India for a good long while. This place is a gem. I read a review about some high chair problems. looks like they were expecting a authentic Indian restaurant to be like an applebeese with 10 high chairs and crayons to draw with. My advice, stick with the big chains if that's what you are looking for.
Great stuff. Small place but fantastic food
It's been four years since I'd last reviewed the Frick  My mom and I always have our annual Mother's Day outing here.  Women only--we leave our husbands to their own (de)vices!The Frick always has a special Mother's Day program that includes garden walks, tours, and my favorite, high tea.  Believe me, the high tea service here is exquisite.  This year Mom and I went with my cousin Cindy & her mom, and my best friend Marla & her mom.  And this year's special exhibition at the art museum was (is) "A Kind of Alchemy: Medieval Persian Ceramics.  This exhibit shows the diversity of ancient Persian  (what is now present-day Iraq, Iran, and Afghanistan) ceramics . These works were produced for both the luxury and middle-class markets.  Even the common folk could afford decorative well-crafted ceramics.The only drawback to an otherwise perfect day was the chilly weather.  I had a new sundress I wanted to wear (and my mom still bemoans my tattoo).
I ordered duck soup and Szechwuan style boiled fish and beef. The dishes are very traditional. The food are fresh and very delicious!
The signature pub Shrimp and the Fish n Chips are served made to order and worth the value. We had a salad and a cup of chili soup of the day too. The food is exactly what we expected and the service was excellent. This is the best location of the 4 others we have been to where those lack friendly service, pride, and taste. Kudos to this location.
The New York Pretzel at New York -New York Hotel in Las Vegas was absolutely delicious!!!We went back there 3 times. I had the cinnamon pretzel with icing for breakfast and another 2 flavors for lunch. I had the jalapeno and the pepperoni pretzel which was amazing.Pepperoni and Cinnamon flavors were totally yummy!
After living near DC for 8 years, I absolutely caught the cravings for Ethiopian food.  Where else can you eat delicious meat and vegetable curries served on spongy pancakes  I admit it is a cuisine that either you love or you hate; count me in for some love.That said, I had not been near a good Ethiopian restaurant in almost 5 years since we moved to San Francisco.  When our friends suggested Meskerem in Charlotte, there was no hestitation.  YES.The food was excellent, the service adorably friendly, and the environment perfect: a tiny restaurant with a few booths and huge plates.  We devoured two Meskerem Combos and a Veggie Combo between the four of us.I even asked if they do the Ethiopian coffee ceremony, and sure enough they will!  Meskerem, we will be back.
One of my favorite Madison restaurants! Whether you are looking for curry, a noodle dish, or a rice dish, this place nails it! The food is very similar to what I found in Northern Thailand and everything I've had is super fresh and flavorful.
I have never had a bad meal here.  The place is small and unassuming but it can get pretty busy during lunchtime.  I usually get one of their combination platters where you basicaly pick any three dishes on the menu and they bring it to you with a pile of fresh warm injera bread which I honestly think is my favorite part of Ethiopian food.I usually opt for one meat and two vegetable dishes because it's a lot of food either way and I feel like I have a better chance of finishing if I go with two vegetables.  I've had the beef, the lamb, the chicken, the cabbage, the red lentils and the green beans and they are all good but my favorite is probably the lamb with cabbage and green beans.Five stars for being the only Ethiopian food around and mighty tasty.
Visited for the MCG Holiday Jazz event and this place exceeded my expectations on all levels -- food, service, ambience, and entertainment.Food:  We ordered a small cheese platter.  The chef actually came out and explained the cheeses on our plate.  Nice touch, though I have to admit to not necessarily knowing which cheese went with which explanation.  Nonetheless, all were quite tasty and better than I would have imagined a simple cheese platter would be.  I ordered fish tacos which were quite tasty and my husband ordered the pork tenderloin, the Novemberfest special, which was also tasty from the bite I acquired from him, as were the squash bites I "stole".  Service:  Greeted immediately upon arrival and ushered to our table right away, despite being very early for our reservations.  Offered drinks as soon as we arrived at our table and our server was always there when needed but not pushy when we weren't in need.Ambience:  We sat in the small dining area next to the bar and near the stage.  Cozy, quaint, warm feel to it.  Nice venue to hear the jazz band while still being able to carry on a quiet conversation.Entertainment:  I've been trying to like jazz for awhile now and not all that successfully.  Last night was a winner for jazz band quality and for the vocalist's quality.  Very nice, indeed.
At tha advice of the reviews on yelp, my family decided to try out this restaurant. Excellent food at decent prices.  If you like Indian food, I would highly recommend that you eat here.
Go here.  Honestly.  If you have even an inkling of a sweet-tooth, this is the place for you to be!!One night, after getting bored watching my husband play craps on the strip, we decided to wander on down.  The music drew us in, but the ice cream kept us there!The inside was bright and clean.  They had a little section where you could buy their individually wrapped chocolates and everything, and then a large counter where they make delicious creations.It was 10:45 at night, and they closed at 11 that night, but they encouraged me to take my time choosing.  I ordered a layered peanut butter and chocolate sundae to go.  I also added marshmallow fluff.  It was the best decision I have ever made.This sundae was EPIC.  It was seriously so delicious, and it will haunt my dreams until I am able to get more!  There is a Ghirardelli's ice cream shop in the city, and I am tempted to make a special trip downtown JUST for another sundae alone!  It was THAT good.I got one for "lunch" the next day, too.  :)
I'm from NJ and was told by some friends that I need to have East Carolina BBQ. Well I was not disappointed. This place was great. Service was even better. I will be visiting again next time I am in town.
There are not many Colombian restaurants in Charlotte. I was born and raised in Colombia so I crave the authentic meals all the time. This place takes me back to Colombia every time. They're also very clean, friendly staff and have happy hour :)
I have to say I really loved this place.  I love the mesh of old and new.  I love a greasy spoon.  Most of all, I love the fact that I can visit here any time of the day.I have heard of Tom's for a very long time.  I remember there being a Tom's in the South Side and visiting it many times, but this spot is so different.  There's a different vibe here, more laid back, less bustle.  Walking in here makes you feel as if you are entering a tiny road stop diner, you kind of forget that you are still within the Pittsburgh region, especially if you stop here in the wee hours of the morning.I grabbed a booth to myself and within a minute the waitress was there to hand me a menu and ask me what I wanted to drink.  Looking over the menu took me some time seeing how this was my first visit here.  I ended up ordering a BLT with a side of loaded fries.  While waiting for my food to arrive I looked around the place and took it all in.  The colors, decor, and furniture definitely give you that diner vibe.  When I think of a diner I think of the shiny chrome, the bright white and red checkered pattern and bar stools at a counter.  All of that is here!My food finally arrived and I started to dive into it.  The first thing that popped into my head was, "why did I order a side of fries"  The BLT comes with a decent side portion of fries to begin with, I really didn't need more fries.  The BLT itself was perfect.  The bacon was greasy, yet crisp, the lettuce was refreshing and the tomato was just the right thickness.  Add a little mayo to the toasted bread and we are in business.  It was so good I wish I had just ordered two BLTs.  The loaded fries were pretty good as well.  Topped with cheese sauce and bacon (man, I just couldn't get enough of that bacon).The waitress on duty was super polite and very attentive.  Even though it was very early in the morning, she did not miss a beat or sit around.  The only gripe I have about this place is the prices.  Some of them need to be readjusted, but other than that, it's a stellar place to get a meal.**something to note: they do serve alcohol here.
I came to Montreal for a weekend, and was looking for something Spanish mostly Mexican cause lets be real you can go wrong with Mexican, but being from NY, I know my way around some Spanish food. I saw this place on yelp and I was hooked. When there, the place it's small but good small. Food was great I had two arepas (chicken in advocado sauce and Chicken chorizo with grill onions and peppers) and my girl had the breakfast arepa ham and cheese with perico ( scramble eggs) and their natural juices where great. Highly recommended. Had a great time. Enjoy.
So many flavors and the ice is melt in your mouth soft. Add cream to make it a little better than a normal icey treat! Lots of sugar free flavors too! Mmm!
No pictures!  I knew I should have taken my camera!My aunt and I went there today for Mother's day.  I think we must have gotten the lunch menu because everything looked pretty cheap (I've been to the one in Columbus).  My aunt had a chicken dinner (grilled chicken, green beans and potatoes with butter) and I had their Shanghai sampler which had a couple of shrimp, a couple of scallops and a nice piece of salmon, all done perfectly.  We didn't order dessert since my aunt had made my favorite pumpkin pie!  Anyway, dinner was great, and so was the service, thus the five stars!
Best deal in town. Bring in your own cup (mine is 16oz) and get a coffee for $1.07. First refill free. Consistent coffee, usually a table free because of plenty of seats. I regularly office here when I'm looking to get away from my desk.
Just went here again tonight for dinner.  I've bumped my rating up to five stars from three, simply because the food was outstanding.  I've never traveled to other countries, and I can't claim Indonesian heritage, but the stuff we had tonight was so good, I ate until I was ready to explode.  Unlike last time, the food came fast, and our server was on the ball!  She was friendly, knowledgeable, and accommodating.  It didn't hurt that she was cute as a button either.  She also offered desserts, which they didn't do last time we were there.  Though, I did not partake, because like I said I was ready to explode.Notice the last two paragraphs both ended with the word "explode."  It would have been cool if I had done that in the parking lot.    Just sayin'.
Bumping this place up to five stars since I have been here a couple more times and both times it was a great night.  This place has an awesome vibe to it, great food and wine, and good service.The pizza is very tasty and filling. The bruschetta options are all amazing. I also tried the antipasto plate and was happy to see it came with a little salad that helped to balance out the saltiness of the meats. The cheese and olives that it came with were a great accompaniment to the wine we were drinking that night. This place is awesome because their bottle prices are extremely reasonable in price and they have some diverse options. The comfy couches and relaxed atmosphere make it a great place to just hang out with friends for hours.  The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable and they are great at recommending new wines.  I asked about a wine that I had once but haven't been able to find anywhere else and they actually ordered a case of it for me!  Just a really great place.
David is amazing to work with. Very passionate about what he does. Always helpful and LOVES emergency framing projects. What a great experience!!!
Great food and one of the best people that ever worked in the restaurant business.Get ready to wait in line, cramped spaces and maybe even ready to share your table with a complete stranger, but the food is worth it. Their dragon roll is great, any sushi is great. The student menu is cheap and unlike other asian places very well made.Have been going there for a while. I don't mind the trek from CMU to oakland to go to this gem.Try it once, you won't regret it, you'll want to be back there the very next day.
I tried the signature Berry Bliss pancake which was nice but probably too much and too heavy for me. Great coffee and service. I went a second time and had The Rutherford Omelette which was generously sized but much more to my taste.
Great place to just hang out and enjoy a good beer! My husband and I had some time to kill before our flight home to Las Vegas, and I had seen this place on Yelp, so we decided to venture away from the Strip and have a few pints. We were not disappointed at all, in fact we couldn't believe that for two beers we only had to pay $6. We wish we had known about Tenaya Creek a week sooner, because then we would have bought a growler and taken it to our hotel room for the duration. Meanwhile the bartender was awesome, and the other customers were friendly and local. We couldn't have found a better temporary home, and we will be back!
Best Colombian food in Charlotte. Hands down. The Churrasco is excellent.
Rose Shack was kind enough to provide a beautiful floral arrangement that we ordered for a dear friends memorial service. The flowers were fresh and the over all arrangement was done with taste and quality. We will use them again and we will definitely refer them to others.Thank you, D. Kohl
We were downtown looking for some place to eat before the show when I man standing outside showed us a menu. Boy, we were not the least disappointed. After hummus and pita chips, we all started off with an excellent very tasty fresh salad. The leg of lamb of excellent as was the sides of grilled vegetable and rice. I don't usually like hummus but it was tasty and excellent. The Jackie O cake is to die for.  We agree that the waiter were sort of odd, but in a very good way. Excellent prices. Homemade wine was also excellent.
Have been coming here for years and they are always spot on!  Service is always fast and the food is consistent. They run these daily lunch specials for around 6.50-8.00 and that includes your tea. Try the Baked chicken on Thursdays or my favorite is the Blackened fish on Fridays. They do a pretty good happy hour as well.
This is a great place in South Phoenix.  I probably would not have even known about it had I not hear the SW Monarch project was selling milkweed for butterfly gardens at the "Migration Celebration". The volunteer staff were so very helpful and we got to see the beautiful grounds at the Rio Solado.  The park was well maintained and the smell of the desert was intoxicating.   We had a great time!
Great place.  I second the earlier recommendation about asking for the hot sauce.  Friendly service and great food - what more can you ask for
I've only had one thing here- the halo-halo (Filipino dessert featuring a myriad of mixed ingredients- describe soon), but it is the mother of all halo-halo's! While working at Weststar, a co-worker made a run to Chow King in he Seafood City store for lunch and told me that the halo-halo was really good. She got me the large one, for a little over $5- looks like a big gulp cup at 7-11. I didn't know it would be that big. Yup, I skipped dinner that night. It's big enough to share. It comes with a boba straw (wider than drink straws) and a long spoon. There is a small size available too.  I am picky about my Filipino food, but I do love many of the desserts. This is one of my favorites. Imagine many layers of toppings like corn, makapuno (young coconut strings), several kinds of beans, coconut gel squares (sweet), langka (sticky jackfruit- no other english translation), lime jello, interspersed with shaved ice and topped with a scoop of ube (purple yam) ice cream. I know that this combination might sound weird to a non-Filipino, but trust me, it really works. The beans and corn really balance out all the sweet stuff. You use the straw initially to drink the sweet purple-pink juice and once you get the cover off, you can mix it up as you eat it, using the spoon. I hope that this review helps and will foster your curiosity to have one. After shopping today at Pier 1 Imports, my husband (who was at Best Buy) surprised me with the large one. Isn't he sweet He knew that I'd been jonesing for one, since summer started. Hence, inspired me to write this review.  This place is always so busy. The parking lot is always full. Yes, this whole store is so popular with my peeps, so much that my mother-in-law always mentions how the parking (shared with) Jason's Deli's customers is near-impossible to find. Very convenient to shopping- Best Buy, Pier 1, Hallmark, Barnes & Noble, among others in this strip mall. Across the street is Target & Walgreen's. Next strip mall over is TJ Maxx, in the other direction is Marshall's and  the Boulevard Mall.
My favorite gyro in town, by far.  Always super fresh and spiced with as much heat as you want. The resident vegetarian in the crowd also claimed the falafel may be the best she's had.We wander in here almost every time we're downtown.  It has certainly gotten busier the last few times we've been there; there can actually be a wait for a table sometimes, but everyone plays nice looking for somewhere to sit.
Good food, friendly service. I would definitely go there again.
Cheap bowling, clean, serves food, & has pool tables. What else could you ask for in a bowling alley
I'm in love.  Totally, completely in love with the bundt cakes here.  Especially the chocolate....which I could sit on my lap and eat with a fork for a few hours.  Mmmmmmm!  It's so rich and moist, with chocolate chips mixed in and thick cream cheese frosting.  Yummmmyyy!!  Anywho.I was introduced to Nothing Bundt Cakes through my roommate's mother, who sent her one for her birthday.  Since then, we've ordered them for any special event or birthday.  I've been to this store in Ahwatukee and the new one in North Scottsdale.  Both stores are small but adorable, with some extras for sale like t-shirts and cards.  You can choose from the larger cakes, which you should order ahead of time, and then the small individual sizes if you want to try a new flavor or have just had a bad week.   :)I believe they do delivery now too, to a limited area.  Very cute idea for a birthday, holiday, or special occassion!
They certainly have everything, from tiaras to bottles of that stuff you use to create real-looking wounds. A little on the pricey side, but excellent stuff overall.
I've been going to the Arizona Renaissance Festival for years now.  It's a total blast in my opinion.  There are a variety of shows and events that range from family friendly to risque.  They include the obligatory joust, comedy, acrobatics, music, falconry and more.  The games or extra, but the performances are included in the admission.  Many do ask for donations and offer merchandise, often toward the end of the show, but from what I am told, these folks don't really get much if anything from the Festival folks and rely on donations + sales to actually live on.  They're optional, but as they often say, appreciated.  I heard someone say the shops there are Chinese-Import quality junk.  That may be true in 1 or 2 cases, but a majority are not only very nice quality but hand crafted.  Hand made glass crafts, weaponry that is combat rated and that has a lifetime warranty, and some sweet clothing being some examples.  Many items have been purchased there by myself and friends with neigh a complaint.  There is also a variety of food.  If the turkey legs are not your style, there are stews, skewers, chowders, and pizza to nibbles like pickles, jerky and pretzels.   For a bit more, you can get into the pleasure feast which is a usually good to great 5 course meal with 90 minutes of entertainment, included drinks (beer, wine and soda), a goblet that you get to keep, plus general admission to the Festival.  That, in my opinion, is worth it at least once if you can foot the extra.  It's usually been a fun experience for me.  Not sure what is up with the dissenters but, whatever.  I like this place enough to give it a rare 5 stars and would very much recommend it for a day of history minus the Plague and fun added.
I have been going to "TLC" for a couple years now.  This is a great spot located near the movies at the Scottsdale 101 shopping center.  The number one thing, in my opinion, about restaraunts is consistency.  I have never been let down here.  I usually get the same thing everytime i go so I cant really comment on the depth of the menu.  But if you like Summer spring rolls which are packed with noodles, shrimp, pork, chicken wrapped in rice paper you will love the ones at Tea Light.  I follow the summer rolls with a huge bowl of chicken soup.  This soup has a phenominal flavor with asian noodles and a genorous amount of tasty chicken.  There are sauces left out on the tables so you can make your soup as spicy hot as you want.  The very casual order counter and friendly service allows for an evironment that makes you feel like you are at the neighhborhood Cafe.  You will see the same people there everytime and they are as nice and appreciative of your business as they can be.   If you are looking for a good lunch or a healthy dinner...TLC is your spot!
For fresh American faire with a French twist this homey little cottage with hardwood floors will tickle your fancy!  The owner is also the head Chef and the menu changes regularly.  Fresh salads featuring a little fruit and nuts is my favorite aperitif.  Seafood is usually featured, along with chicken, light cream sauces and nicely sized portions that a girl can actually finish.  This is a great place for a romantic dinner, or girls night out before the theatre, or intimate dinner with another couple.  I believe they now have a liquour license that allows for wine service and maybe more!  A back room is available for larger groups, call ahead to reserve it.  Reservations recommended, in general.  Only open for dinner.  Moderate to upscale prices.
After walking all day at CES at the Convention Center, there was no way on God's green earth that I was going to go home an cook dinner.  Even the thought of microwaving a couple of Lean Cuisines was more work than I could bear.  So a scant two nights after our first encounter with Triple Play, we decided to return.  Hubby was eager to try their well-respected Cheese Steak.  I figured I'd get some sort of sandwich, too.  But when we walked in and I saw the little blackboard announcing that Tuesday is Chicken Tortilla Soup, and the Entree Special was Pork Roast for 7.99, it was a no-brainer.At that price I sure wasn't expecting much.  But I'm a quick learner, and the lesson here is that you can get quality, quantity, and a low price all in one little restaurant check.The Chicken Tortilla Soup isn't exactly the same species as what you'd get in Mexico.  Here it was very thick and creamy, and very, very spicy.  I'm not a fan of cream soups, not because I don't like them, but because they don't like me.  But I have to admit, though,even through my burning throat and running nose, that it was delicious.  I tasted the Cheese Steak, a food I've had maybe twice in my life (for the same reason as cream soups); it tasted fine, but since I'm no connoisseur, I have no idea if it deserves the accolades accorded it by the waitress and other reviewers.  Hubby sure liked it, and for him to like something that doesn't cluck is a major deal.I couldn't believe the plate of food placed before me when my Pork Roast special was delivered:  three thick slices of the Other White Meat, a portion of savory and delicious stuffing, a scoop of real mashed potatoes, a small cup of applesauce, a bowl of gravy (I asked for it on the side), corn off the cob, and a slab of hot and tasty garlic bread.  $7.99  I don't understand how they do it!  I would have preferred the green veggies from the other night, for color and nutritional balance, but I sure ain't complaining.  Oh, the pork was a little bit dry, but since I really don't touch gravy, I couldn't benefit from that moisture.  The weight of the take-home box assured me I'd be having this meal maybe two more times.Hmmm, I forgot to look on the menu to see what specials are on the other six nights of the week, but I'm sure I'll find out in person before too much time passes.
We're over .500 so far this year!  Whoo-hoo!  We're actually mediocre!  And for once the Cubs are keeping us out of last place instead of the other way around!
!!AMAZING RESTAURANT!!I have got to buy a fondue set now lol.The creamy spinach artichoke cheese dip, minced walnut melted milk chocolate, and mixture of marinated meats were incredibly delicious but what earns this place without any doubt 5 Stars instead 3 or 4, is their incredible service.Richard our server was sociable and almost too considerate lol (we stayed to 1:20am even though this place closed at 11pm!!!).Steve the manager treated my girlfriend and I with a card signed by most of the restaurant staff and some treats to make the anniversary of our 1st date really special.This place isn't for the cheap at heart or those with quality taste but don't have a lot of spending cash on them.Definitely GO!! but I would suggest you go if you:1) are in a group bigger than 42) just don't mind spending more than $20-40 on an entree3) want to try something differentnew4) are looking to make a romantic occasion really special (let the restaurant know about your special occasion)5) or want to treat someone you care about who is isn't particular in general, to something they haven't tried before
The Steelers are the coolest team in football. They have the best colors, city, history, most fans, etc. And they pretty much dominate.
Hello All, I am just here to give some information about Toy Town. The new owner just took over in July of 2012. If you have suggestions such as the ones below. (hours, toys your kids love but they need more of, etc.) Please go on facebook http:www.facebook.comToyTownPlaycenter or their website http:toytownplaycenter.com and suggest them to the owner. I know her very well and she would be more than happy to here your feedback about the place. Thank you!
First time here after getting up and leaving the table without ordering at Hon Machi Sushi (that review later). The Sushi Room is now Rock Lobster, same restaurant, new name. We went on Sunday, which happened to be Happy Hour. It included rolls, drinks, appetizers. Presentation of sushi rolls was excellent, food was fantastic, and service was great. Atmosphere was very nice! I will be coming back!
Perfect time with hubby, after work which is 4 am and you can still have a hot nice meal, waitress was such an adorable girl. Her arm was broken or smth but she still dis a great job!Strawberry lemonade was just smth i have been craving for for so long but did not know what it was :) Strawberry milkshake, nachos and t bone steak is smth we never stop ordering!Its always nice when u go late at night like us, it is not crowded, not noisy, nice music playing and always nice people around. If you want smth quick and it is late at night then i would say Denny's!
My daughter CAN'T pass by here without asking to get something.  All I can say is you had better bring your sweet tooth!
Oh, Red Herring!  Be still my heart.  I loved this place before I ever considered eating vegan, and it's been a haven for me since then.  The specials never fail to delight, so much so that I went six months never trying a regular menu item because I was so entranced by the daily specials.  The BBQ seitan is outta control good--so fantastic that I find myself picking up the escaping pieces of seitan with my fingers and then licking the sauce off.  The falafel is phenomenal as well.  Meat-eaters, have no fear.  I've brought many a devout omnivore to Red Herring, and they've raved about their eats as well.  The chef does a fantastic job of dreaming up dishes that are flavorful and filling (and still pretty damn cheap).  I find the whole sandwich fills me up nicely for $5, and the specials are always a meal-and-a-half for a bit more.I'm sad they weren't able to keep dinner service going, but I've got my fingers crossed they'll revisit that another time.  Red Herring, thank you for satisfying my stomach, making sure this mostly vegan gal never feels frustrated grabbing a lunch out, and helping me feel completely guiltless about eating out.
I go here every week with my husband and a group of friends.  I've noticed there are some negative reviews on here, and that came as a big surprise to me.  My husband and I have had Indian food in many different states and even different countries around the world.  After traveling around the world to find the perfect curry, I can tell you that this is the best.  I have not had better Indian food.  Truly.
I am a Taiwanese student at the University of Waterloo and Home Garden is the only restaurant that makes me feel at home. The food suits my taste, but the best part is how welcoming the place feels. The owner of the restaurant personally serves the customers, he by far has the best service in any restaurant I have went to in this country. No matter what you ask for, he will always respond with a big smile.Onto the food, I would avoid the noodles since they tend to be a bit soggy. I love their rice combos and their water boiled beef (I forgot the exact name).Highly Recommended!
Excellent pizza!  I ordered a 14" cheese pizza from the counter, it was ready very quickly, and it was very tasty!  If you like a New York style pizza, go check out this place.
Stay Healthy is a wonderful place! As an East Coast transplant I was delighted to find a well stocked (wide selection of products & manufacturers) 'LOCALLY OWNED SHOP' with a VERY dedicated, knowledgeable & helpful staff. If they're out of stock - they'll order it for you.  If you're seriously dedicated to your health - then Stay Healthy is 'The Place' for you.
You can't beat their amazing tropical drinks and reggae night.  Seriously, I wish they had a place like this in San Diego.  They probably do, but not with drinks that cheap! I've only been here for food like once and I don't really remember it.  Their drink menu has more things on it than the food menu.   Be careful though, the drinks are sneaky.  It can be too late before you realize that you've had too many and find yourself puking in the gutter outside...
This is the sports bar I have been looking for since I moved to Pittsburgh! I only wish it was closer!We checked this place out on Saturday. We were dressed up because we were attending a reception for a wedding later on and we were just trying to kill time. There weren't too many people in there and majority of the TVs were focused on the Pitt game with a few other games sprinkled throughout. First win: PUMKING! I am seriously in love with that stuff. The bartender was incredibly nice and funny and social, which is how I like my bartenders. I mean, shouldn't they all be like that Customer service is pretty much your job, but I digress ...We didn't eat anything, as I said, we were heading to a reception afterwards, but we got to enjoy some beers and watch a bit of the Penn State and FSU games, my two favorite teams, so that was nice. The TV setup was in such a way that no matter where you were sitting you could see the game, a feature most sports bars in this town seem to be lacking. Prices and selection seemed on point and the bartender hooked it up! :) All in all I was super satisfied.
My wife and I visited this store while celebrating Valentines Day and received a one hour tarot card and numerology reading.  It was extremely entertaining and it gave my wife and I plenty to talk about the rest of the night and even in the weeks after.  I have already recommended this location to my friends looking for a fun way to spend an evening with their spouses.  The staff was very friendly and willing to explain this world to my wife and I since we are, at best, novices.
Cheap, delicious, fresh coffee.  I'm not talking about the stale cup of plain joe you get at ANY other regular coffee shop that tastes like dirty burned coffee beans.  If your office doesn't have a coffee maker, I highly suggest making a trip down here.  If you're concerned about the preparation - it's regular old drip coffee, not percolator, so do with that information what you will.A medium java sets you back only $1.70, and they have a ton of flavored coffees if you're into that.  Normally I'm not, but I tried the "Hawaiian Macadamia Nut" today, and ALOHAAAAA... delicious.  You can't really beat it for a cheap and good quality cuppa.  (*side note* there is a $3 minimum for credit cards, so bring cash if you're coming down for just coffee)
Extremely helpful staff, I put in a small custom order and they were very accommodating with suggestions and even looked up the school colors I was using for this event.  I try and stop there whenever possible for a nice tasty treat.  I did not know they come up with different flavors for each day.
Taiwan Cafe has fantastic food. They, without question, make the best fried tofu in the city. Their General Tso's sauce is to die for. They also make a mean chicken and broccoli and have great spring rolls. Also, the student special is cheap (less than $6) and portioned so that it's not too large and not too small.Other reviewers complained about the restaurant being dirty. Frankly, it does look a bit dirty, but that's more because it's in Oakland and has been serving college students for many years. If you look closely, it's more "worn" than dirty. We've eaten there many times and never found stray pieces of meat or vegetables from other dishes in the food.The bottom line is that the food here is fantastic.
If you live here, this is the place you want to take visitors too. Its authentic Filipino food. Its not like any of the other Filipino restaurants in town. Its a sit down restaurant so if you come hungry know you have to wait a little. The service is great. When we walk in, I feel like servers and waitresses are singing to us. Hello ma'am, thank you ma'am... I dont mind. I love it! Filipinos always make you feel welcome and are very humble.OK the good stuff, FOOD. I love their bangus. Only thing I can say is that this and everything else I will talk about in regards to their menu items make my mouth water.Here is a list of things that I ordered and highly recommend that you try:Breakfast meat platter- I think thats what it was called. The everything especially the egg plant was BOMB!garlic fried rice - YUMsiniganghalo halopansit bihonsigsigadobocalamansi juiceEvery single one of those items along with platter is something you should try. You cant go wrong.
In moving to California 3 years ago, the thing I was most sad about leaving was The Olive and their Beef Shwarma dish.  This place is the best thing I've discovered since having ceased eating whatever my mom made me.  While visiting Las Vegas last year, I refused to leave without coming back here.  I brought a few friends, and they were pleasantly surprised as to how great it was!  The service is good, the food is better!
This is a hole-in-the-wall type restaurant. Its part of a marketgrocery store as everyone else has already noted. Its a little hidden, and I think that hurts this place a little bit.Anyways, the food is VERY good. The chicken shawarma is probably some of the best I have ever had. Hummus, yellow rice, and couscous also go very well with the food. There is the garlic-butter sauce that comes with the shawarma and kabobs, and that REALLY makes the food that much better. Gyro plate is also very commendable, but its hard to get this wrong since the gyro comes on a huge slab and rotates on a rotisserie. Yet, a lot of places do get the gyro plate wrong. I think this place does a good job of heating up the gyro meat on the rotisserie and then the grill.Baklava also deserves a mention. Its damn good. You can get some exotic mediterranean stuff like olives and feta cheese by the pound, i love that stuff.The pricing of this place along with the good quality food makes this place a hidden gem. Its like $8 for almost any plate you'd want. Its plenty of food per plate, and for under $20 for 2 people, its worth a visit. Its very easy to compare this stuff to haji baba, its a tough pick. However, I think the hummus here tastes much better, it doesn't taste like its straight out of a can. The plates here I think are a better deal. If you just want a gyro sandwich, then go to haji baba.
The best anywhere!  This place has atmosphere, great people, yummy coffee and tasty goods.
I freakin love this place. My favorite thing is to sit and eat facing the counter and watch new people come in and get all confused. Now that's just funny. My first time I was the same way, like what the hell do I do here. Now I'm a pro. Stack it deep and use another bowl for smashing, Soba noodles piled so high it looks like a circus act getting the bowl to the cook. Mmmm....good.
I've been to this place at least four times now. (once every month) I've had good experiences all four times that I've gone. I do however go during lunch time when they aren't as busy. We also go when we get their buy one entree get one free coupon in the mail. It's an awesome deal! They have a huge variety on both their drink and food menu. I will say that I think they have the best steaks compare to Applebee's and Chilli's. Their steaks are super tender and the server always ask you to cut your steak to make sure its cook the way you asked.
I came here for the first time and didn't know what to expect. It turned out to be a lot of fun! First, (we went on a Friday) it's $7 cash at the door to get in. At 7:30 the dance lesson began....or was supposed to (it started more around 7:45) The lesson of the night was West Coast swing. Apparently they teach different genres of dance every week, you need to check their website to see what they are offering for that week. They split off the beginners from the intermediateadvance dancers. Us beginners were put in a smaller dance room studio (to my releif, as I have never danced West Coast Swing, and was nervous to be in front of advanced students...)After an hour of class (which goes by very fast!) they have an open dance floor until midnight. Most of the people there are people who simply love dance. They switch up the music to a different genre for every song, i.e. waltz, foxtrot, salsa, rumba, swing...etc. Even if you are not a great dancer, or only know one genre of dance, it's certainly fun to watch everyone! There are some really good pros and amateurs, no one really cares what you look like out there, everyone is just there to dance! (There were people there of many age groups as well....from early 20's to 60's or 70's!)I love that you can just drop in for a class. No sign up or commitment necessary! I'm looking forward to dropping in again soon!
Hey Betty is another place I had to hit on Thanksgiving weekend.  You know, when the malls and big box stores are full of grade-A morons who will do anything to save a buck on Chinese-made crap!  No, places like Hey Betty and Eons are for those who want to relax and have a little fun while shopping.Hey Betty is a little bit small and it does require a bit of poking around in.  But they've got both men's and women's stuff here and I've even found things Rick enjoyed.  I've bought vintage Levi's and Lee jeans here because, let's face it, the OLD jeans which were made in the USA fit me better and lasted longer.  I've still got a vintage pair I found here three years ago.
I love this place!  The food is amazing and the owners are charming to a fault!  The Hummus, Grape Leaves, Kibbi Akras, and the Lamb Dinner are my favorites!  Highly recommended!!
KRANNERT IS AWESOME!!!  This is probably the best college museum I know of.
Some of the best coffee I've ever had.  Ever.Stick with an Italian Cappuccino and bring a good friend for some good conversation.
Best Pho in Vegas. Soup was flavorful yet light. The noodles  were perfect. We ask for extra basil X3. :) Used up all the jalapenos too. Open till 3am. I heard through th grape vine when the Top Chefs were in town they stopped here. By the way, drank all the soup . (heehee)  Such great comfort food. Service was very fast too.
I have pruchased four bikes from Thick over the years.  The owner really defines this bike shop. This is not a saran wrap jersey weekend warrior kind of rider place as best I can tell though they do have several bikes or that kind of rider.  They sell a lot of bikes for people who use their bikes for transportation.  Their bike selection is very good and the bikes are generally not the gazillion dollar carbon bikes you see in store windows.  I also have had my bikes serviced here and never had an issue.I can't recommend Thick highly enough if you are looking for a bike in Pittsburgh.
Prantl's Almond Torte is my most favorite thing on the planet. And I mean that very literally. I had my mother fly an ice-packed cake with her out to California for my wedding! It's that delicious. Don't miss an opportunity to eat their almond torte...you will not regret it! There is no better cake on the planet, I am convinced!
Onion pancakes rolls...  Trust me....
Love this place. Eat here once a week. Great food staff and the place is clean. 5 star because there is nothing negative that you can say.
I am back! The foods still greats, the services awesome and now they have beer and wine..lol!
The Park House, thank the heavens above, is reopened after a 6-month hiatus.  This is my favorite North Side neighborhood bar.  It's convenient to the sports stadiums and the North Side cultural attractions, it's close to bus stops for virtually all the North Side bus routes, and it's the only place in town where you're encouraged to gorge yourself on free peanuts and fling the shells on the floor.  (I suppose you probably shouldn't come if you have a peanut allergy.)The Park House prides itself on its strong selection of microbrews and craft beers, especially local beers, but you can get pretty good mixed drinks there if beer isn't your thing.  The menu is undergoing a revamping, but the giant and delicious nachos remain.  (The gyros are also pretty tasty, and they had a Thai chicken special the other night that was delicious.)  The interior of the bar is welcoming and classic, with heavy wooden bar and boothstables, and a painted tin ceiling.    The owner and all the bartenders are super-friendly and nice people.My husband and I frequent the Park House on game nights.  The crowd tends to be friendly and social, but not staggering drunk or trying to hit on people.  All in all, it's my favorite spot to get a beer or three and watch some football.
I must write a review for this restaurant!  :)I have lived in Pittsburgh for almost 8 years now and luckily found this Thai restaurant early in my move.  Let me start with a little story.  My sister lived in Northern California and was visiting.  We were talking about places to eat and I of course mentioned and suggested Thai Cuisine, knowing how good their food is.  My sister was skeptical, to say the least, mentioning in the same breath that she lives in the San Francisco area, could a place in Pittsburgh actually be that good if not better than restaurants in CA  I decided to let the food speak for itself  --- and it did!  My sister ordered the red curry (duck with pineapple), her fave dish, and she LOVED it.  In fact, she admitted after that this restaurant was indeed the best she had had - and that it was too bad that it was in Pittsburgh.  Me personally  I love the green curry with mock duck (wheat gluten) - and I am not vegan or vegetarian.  I would like to mention that this restaurant has a nice selection of vegetarian and vegan options.  The crispy spring rolls are yummy, especially with the sauce.  The soups are all pretty great.  You should try this restaurant, it will definitely be worth your time.  And if you like your food spicy, like I do, make sure you tell them you want it thai spicey at 10 out of 10!  :)
This place is one of the best coffee shops there is! They are friendly, and locally owned.  They even roast their own coffee!  They are not the fastest when it comes to making your coffee and food, but that is a good thing.  They make quality products.  If you want something that is made fast and tastes like burnt popcorn, you can always go to Starbucks.  People have to understand that this is a locally owned restaurant, and more often than not the owner is also the barista, chef, and bartender. I have never had a poorly made drink, I have never had to deal with a employee treating me like an idiot, and I don't have to speak in code when I want a personalized order.  (i.e. A  zebra, wet, no whip mocha.  Really!) Great coffee, good food, craft beer and fine wine. How can you go wrong with that combinationAlso, they serve paleo dishes if you are into that sort of thing.
To anyone who said this place isn't authenticThis is by far the best stateside Jamaican food I have had. I've been to Jamaica on more than one occasion and made a point of eating at places that weren't on the resort. Their jerk chicken is ideal. Paired with a red stripe and a ting, I can hear the steel drums and feel the sand between my toes. I will definitely be back!!!!
The food is amazing. Fresh, made to order and yummy. It's a family place with seating for 20 or so and they do take out.  The gyros and souvlaki were very authentic.  Loved it
Holy....COW this place has great poutine. I think it's the best poutine I've had so far. I suggest making your own poutine than getting the premade ones. Apparently the premades aren't as special. When you make your own you can choose between different kinds of potatoes, cheese, vegetables and sauce. Pretty. Awesome. So I shared my poutine with a friend because I wasn't sure on the size (I regret this because I ended up wanting to finish the whole thing) and we decided on ecrasee potatoes which is like crinkled mashed potato pieces, two cheeses: mozarella and swiss, and two vegetables : olives and mushrooms, as well as a trois poivres sauce. WOW. I had this as a late night snack and man was it a great snack. Service was superb too. Very friendly and warm. So that's a bonus point. I suggest coming here to try their poutine. I will come back for more....that;s for sure.
Just tried YC's for the first time and already know there will be a second and third times to come. The staff showed me how it worked and I was amazed at the selection and just how much food could fit in the large bowl. YC's is awesome!
This reminds me of my favorite bar in the world, Edison's. I like houses turned into bars. I felt like I was at my own house party playing Dio and Townes Van Zandt on the jukebox. The people that complained about this place have no legitimacy in their claims. Of course the beer is expensive, it isn't garbage beer. The service was fine. It was empty which made it nice. I had no idea it was a British bar.
My boyfriend brought me here for my birthday: 1029...the restaurant and staff went above and beyond to make it a wonderful experience for us. We took my 10 year old daughter and a friend of ours with...When we arrived, the staff had signed a birthday card for me, and I was given a box of 6 chocolate (white and dark) covered strawberries. That may be standard here, but when I went to another Melting Pot in New Mexico, it wasn't...so that was really nice. They sat us in a back room, at a 4-person, 2-pot table which was perfect for us! We wanted to try EVERYTHING! We had the Boston Beer Cheese Fondue and the Wisconsin Trio - The Boston Cheddar was not my personal favorite, I tend to go for the Wisconsin or Swiss fondues...but the Boston complimented the apples very well. Then we went with the Seafood and Chicken platter (no red meat for our friend) and the 2nd we chose was the land and sea...plenty of red meat there. Our cooking styles were Coq Au Vin and Mojo...I find the Mojo a little lacking in flavor and always have...but that's just my personal taste. The Coq Au Vin was very robust and added a great depth of flavor. Then on to the Creme Brulee white chocolate and a Turtle Dark Chocolate. Both were wonderful! They even gave us an extra dessert plate full of everything! The Melting Pot is a 3-hour experience when you do The Big Night Out and add a glass of wine or two...however the experience is well worth it. The service at the Kings Drive one is exceptional! They truly will take care of you and yours!I love spending the time on a date with my boyfriend; it gives us so much time to eat, enjoy, love, and have fun with each other.I highly recommend this place...and as for pricing, The Big Night Out is $75-$100 per couple...but that includes cheese fondue, salad, entree, and dessert.
Every time I convince a beautiful Russian woman to go out on a date with me I bring'em here, and we always have a great time.the cusine is actually authentic, and the service is always prompt.  My broken Russian helps a bit I think (I try to pretend that they aren't laughing at me).They serve a really good Borscht with an authentic bread cap, and the Shashlyk is to die for.Get ready to drink as they often shove vodka on you for free.Nasdarovia!!
This place takes me back to Belgium.  It truly does.  Although, no offense to a touristy eatery in Brussels, Point Brugge Cafe is much cleaner, more peaceful and less touristy.The location is very residential, on the corner of a nice block of homes.  This means you'll most likely have to look for street parking, but the times I've been there it has not been a problem.On two separate occasions for an appetizer I had the crab cakes and the roasted tomato and spinach dip.  Great combination of flavors.  I think out of the two I prefer the spinach dip, because it's a great communal dish with crostini and celery dipping sticks and the cheese is unique in flavor.For entree, I had the 'Classic' garlic and white wine mussels and fries (Moules Frites).  This dish was pretty much a clone of a meal I had in Brussels years ago.  I loved it.  They also have a Thai-style curry version of the mussels which is also amazingly mouth-watering.  The mussels were all cooked to perfection and the sauce was bread-sponging delicious.  This can be enjoyed with a good Belgian beer for an excellent summer meal.  The drink selection is excellent - a huge selection of beer and a full bar serving many wines and cocktails.The service is also great, although not seeing the place during a busy period prevents me from giving you a comment on that scenario.Whenever I'm in Pittsburgh I make it a point to stop here.
HELLO, new favorite place in Champaign.We decided as a family to go here for dinner on a recent visit. My brother is newly 21, so why not go somewhere with an amazing looking drink menu as well as an amazing looking menuWe got there relatively early on a Saturday, roughly 645pm. There were only a few individuals when we got there. We started the night with drinks, continued the night with drinks, and ended the night with drinks. Oh, and maybe some food. We each had martinis to start and were fairly pleased. Then I stumbled upon this gem of a mojito - strawberry basil. There were no mint mojitos due to the seasonality of mint - I love when restaurants acknowledge this fact. However, strawberries are in season, and made the most delicious drink. Maybe this is why I had 3.Oh, yeah, there's food. Do yourself a favor and order a cheese plate. A lot of the cheeses are from local farms and DELICIOUS. I continued the cheese parade with the Mac and Cheese. Cheddar and strong blue cheese YUM. By the time we left (about 9:45pm - we take our time!) this place was PACKED, and much louder.Maybe since I'm used to paying Chicago prices for drinks, I found this place to be very reasonable. My mojitos were $8. We spent $95 on drinks, $50 on food, and were stuffed and well "hydrated" and very pleased.  Very pleasant service, although as Boltini got busier, we saw our waitress less (she was also doubling as a bartender). I will be back, Boltini.
This is the best Giant Eagle in the area and is the most like grocery stores in Bay Area. Here's why:1. They sell beer!2. Huuuuuge produce selection3. Naturalorganic foods section: cereal, pasta, soups, etc and fancy chocolate bars4. Long isle of ethnic foods includes mexican, indian, italian, asian and , of course, jewish5. Functioning bakery with fresh, appetizing breads and desserts (I am still loyal to Allegro Hearth though)The store is huge and I haven't been to all of it yet but they also have nicer flowers, balloons, homeseasonal section, DVD rentals and a photo center as well as a drive-through pharmacy. It seems as this GE just might be the answer to my grocery stores woes.
I'm not reviewing this place as a bowling alley, since I don't have the expertise to know what constitutes a good bowling experience.  If the shoes fit, the ball rolls down the lane, and the pins fall down, it's fine.This review is all about the food.  Which, if you can't tell by the number of stars above these paragraphs, is pretty tasty.  To start, the cheese curds are required eating.  I think they just take cheddar cheese cubes, bread them, and fry them, but they are delicious when fresh.  Make sure to eat them quick, however, because, like all cheese curds, they harden when they cool and have a weird texture after that point.  When you think bar food, you think burgers.  And the burgers at the Sport Bowl are excellent.  Not only are they excellent, they are fairly priced as well.  At lunch, you can get a burger + fries (battered!) + soda for eight bucks.  I can see some people thinking the burgers are too greasy, but the grease gives you a delightful "contented, weighed down, and fuzzy-brained" feeling afterwards.  A quick rundown on other items I've tried: the meatball sub was so-so, but huge.  Go to Gino's a mile away if you're craving meatballs.  The turkey club is stacked high and tastes exactly as you would expect.  The patty melt is just a burger on bread, so obviously it rules hard.  The pizza is decent, with a crust that tastes like Pizza Hut's deep dish.  The fish fry is a lot of good food for a good price.  The "Philly" cheesesteak is too greasy even for me.The best part about the Sport Bowl is that if you feel some postprandial guilt for your frenzied ingestion of large amounts of fat and grease, you can pop over to Willy West next door to get an organic hippie-smoothie.  But it will probably cost more than your entire meal here.
For those who are looking for a pleasant restaurant experience in addition to eating succulent food, this restaurant is a must. The atmosphere is original, welcoming and certainly unique.
Skm rocks! Very organized and professional. Nathan was amazing as our MC! I would recommend this company to anyone for any event! We'll done.
I went to Bhima's last night with my wife and friends. I am very impressed. It is not often that you find such a great fusion of Indonesian cuisine, or of any cuisine for that matter. Our table had a wide sampling of the menu and everything was amazing. There were oyster shooters to start, we had venison, duck, angus steak, fish and risotto. Everything was perfectly done and delicious.The atmosphere is eclectic, dark and romantic. The wonderful smells from the open concept kitchen fill the restaurant. The staff are helpful and friendly. It was a great experience.The food is rich and flavourful. They use a number of curries and some of the dishes are spicy. If you are a meat and potatoes type, you might not like this food, but then you probably aren't looking for Indonesian in the first place ;) The meal was also very expensive, so be prepared. We spent about $150 per person with several drinks and cocktails.Speaking of the cocktails, they have a great selection and there are a couple of specially created ones on the feature menu each night. If you can, take a cab so that you can enjoy them, they are worth it.The restaurant was packed, so I would recommend a reservation. Despite the number of people, it was still fairly quiet and comfortable. They don't pack the tables in like at some restaurants.
Authentic. If you're looking for American sushi, go somewhere else. Only Authentics need apply here.
As everyone else has raved, the adobo fried rice is amazing. Who knew taking left over adobo, shredding it up and combining it with fried rice would be so wonderful Did I mention they take all that and wrap it in a giant omelet I'm a pretty big guy, who am I kidding I'm fat, but approach the menu with caution. This is where your eyes crave more than your stomach actually has capacity for. Though when is that not the case anyways! The spam musubi is decent and I've only had a few other things from the menu that looks as big as a Baskin Robbins 31 flavors listing. I've not dared to venture further from what I know here, not because I'm scared but because I only eat here once or twice a month. For those few times a month, I'm already craving the adobo fried rice omelet. Caution: the omelet is pretty overwhelming 34 of the way through. If you've never had it or seen it before, do not be fooled by the name of it if you were to assume it be the size of a standard size omelet. It's the size of a newborn wrapped in an egg. Hopefully you enjoy it as much as I have!
I am very impressed. The food and drinks are wonderful. I had a bellini and it was strong and delicious. love it!
Decided to try this place while visiting the city. Living in CA, I can find lots of Peruvian restaurants However, most of them tend to have the same dishes in their menu (lomo saltado, seco de cabrito, aji de gallina, tallarines verdes, causa, ceviche, etc).The first thing that caught my attention was the variety in the menu: Mondongo (tripe), patita con mani (beef feet), carapulcra, among others. I really recommend their tamales (Peruvian tamales are different to Mexican tamales).I ended up going twice during that trip just to try more dishes. I'm Peruvian, if it matters.
Came here for a groupon beginner's lesson. I have never shot a a bow and arrow before and man was it fun!  We were a class of 5 and there were 2 instructors. The staff is really friendly and helpful of getting you started with safety instructions, proper positioning and form. The lesson is an hour long and is a great introduction. Just be prepared to have fun, and trade a couple funny zingers with the staff. There are plenty of targets from middle of the field to way in the back. As for sales and equipment, I really don't know anything, but it looked like they had a good variety of items for sale. I liked how the archery range was very neat and clean.
Had our wedding here and it was fantastic! Absolutely loved working with Stacey - she answered all our questions and got back to us in a timely manner. They were totally flexible and the serversbartenders were phenomenal! We have had nothing but compliments about our wedding, I would recommend Windsor in a heartbeat!Because we booked our wedding reception on Friday night we were told we would be receiving a "complimentary" champagne toast. After the wedding though we received a bill charging us for the service fee and gratuity for pouring the champagne. We paid it without any grievances, but it would have been nice if they would have informed us of this when we were going over the preliminary invoice. Other than this minor issue, Windsor was wonderful!
I do not know what other people talking about but this place is nice. Very good rost duck and dim sums. Very fresh and cooked to order and price is avarage ( actually rost duck is cheaper than other chinese restaurants in neighborhood)Open ntill 5 am and rice and tea is free. Highly recommended.
Honestly one of the best restaurant in this town ... Its location is very hidden as it is situated in the north east of Montreal. Freaking love this place and the employees that work there , they really love their jobs and make sure that you feel at ease and comfortable within their castle :3I haven't tried much except their burgers , but holy hell does this place makes excellent burger and good fries and sweet potatoes chips.I have actually went here 3 times over the last two months . As my first experience of le dragon rouge was an I call within their establishment , i could not be more satisfied about my meal that night and so did my partner . I had the boar pig burger in the past which tasted dry but perfect. I've gotten the Butcher burger which came with half a pound of meat and merguez sausages .. Can I say it was delicious ! Yes I will rate this burger top 2 in Montreal , I'm not joking.The side dishes include sweet potatoes chips and giant hand made potatoes ! I'm not gonna lie probably the best potatoes and fries in Montreal as it comes with GARLIC SAUCe, YES YOU heard me right , THIS Establishment have garlic sauce and IT MAKES THEIR SIDE DISHES PERFECT .Lastly , I can say that I've brought two friends to this place , and they can't believe how good this restaurant is in term of food , service and establishment . Fact is during the night , the staff gives an excellent show that is mostly in French , but very fun and exciting as it put ambience ! Take out order is absolutely amazing - takes about 10-15mins , in the mean time you can drink water and watch the establishment show , or chill under the terrace . Seriously, do not be afraid to come within the domain of this restaurant as you will be amazed by this unique medieval restaurant :)  Merci encore dragon rouge for the amazing experienced in food that you've allowed me to enjoy !
Trente-Cinq was such a surprisingly great experience. We had the Croquettes de crevettes for an appetizer which was nicely done (and more importantly not overdone). The two croquettes were a creamy and exceptionally good and these were served with a very light mixed green salad - the perfect dish to get your taste buds looking for more. Then came the entrees...we ordered the Steamed Mussels and Lamb Shank. The Steamed Mussels were by far the best tasting mussels I've ever had and the Lamb Shank was falling off the bone. When they brought the Steamed Mussels, they did not skimp on the portion size. This is an excellent dish to share with a group. The Lamb Shank melted in your mouth as was nicely served along with a vegetable ragout and couscous. The meal was perfect and they have a nice wine selection to accompany the meals quite well. The chef used to work at Coup De Tart in Phoenix, and I can certainly see why he started his own restaurant. Please check this restaurant out while you're in Phoenix, as Mr. Lionel Geuskens deserves the visitors with his excellent cuisine!!! 5 Stars!!!!
A group of 7 of us went to Amel's for New Years Eve.  While it was extremely crowded, we had quick service and fantastic food.  The fried feta in phyllo was fantastic, as was my filet mignon stroganoff.  Everyone enjoyed their meal, and it was a great way to kick off New Years Eve!  Can't wait to get back, and try some more fantastic grub!
I LOVE this place. THE best coffee in the 'Burgh. Good atmosphere, great service. The food is really good too.
Corner Archery and the staff take customer service to a new level.  I cant say enough good things about how they treat their customers and the experiences that I have had at the shop.Excellent kids JOAD progam!
I have curly hair. Big curls, not tight ones, but definitely ringlets that can become Shirley Temple hair if I let it. It's always very difficult to find a hair stylist. Even as a child I seemed to go from one bad cut to another, by one poorly trained (in non-kinky curly hair) stylist or another. For the past 12 years or so I had resigned to cutting my own hair: at least I could look bad for free.Then someone with curly hair recommended I see Autumn at Salon Nuvo, and I've been beautifully coiffed ever since. She listens as I explain three hairstyles at once that I want bits and pieces of but don't really know what I can pull off, and the end result always somehow makes sense and looks fantastic.She also styled my sister (wavy hair), best friend (long straight hair), and my hair and makeup for my wedding and let me tell you, we were babes. In fact, some friends of mine looked dashing that night as well and it turns out they also went to her for their stylings.Autumn is an artist who can really see the best of your features and works your hair to make it frame your face perfectly. And, as mentioned, if there is something that you don't think is quite right, she's always willing to make adjustments after-the-fact, which takes a lot of stress out of the fear of post-hair-change regret. The Salon is professional, well-rounded, friendly, and afforable.
Amazing pancakes, love the menu, kid friendly, kind wait staff, great service including the young man at the cash register!  Highly recommend :)
Dear Shadow Lounge, I miss you. You're wonderful in every way. The dance parties, the live music, the poetry slams, the local art, the totally reasonable drink prices, the cute and chill proprietor eye candy...I could go on. Stay awesome. Xoxo,Andrea
Had the banana bread again..... warmed it up in the oven.... crack! On a gluttony binge. They also got a great pumpkin bread...... yum.
I know a lot of people tend to either love or hate Panera; I happen to love it - the You-Pick-2 combo is one of my favorite lunch options. And as luck (good or bad depending on how my diet's going!) would have it, this location provides a daily opportunity to get one of those combos! This location is incredibly convenient for me - both for being relatively close to where I live and for being next to an old bookstore, clothes store, and a few other businesses - and has earned all 5 stars for being a bit better than the average Panera. One, I've never walked in here and found a shortage in sweet treats, which is a common problem if I want an afternoon bagel in a lot of other Panera locations. Two, the sandwiches here just taste fresher than a lot of other places I've been to. Three, as others have mentioned, the staff are just nicer here - I have no idea why, but I'm not complaining! Bonus star for this Panera because it's actually made its entire interior comfortable and encourages people to relax and use its wi-fi, which is something I can't say a lot of other locations have nailed just yet.
I have now used Ultimate Lawn Maintenance for over a year now, and it is refreshing to have such great communication not only for maintenance, but also for landscape design.  Ultimate Lawn Maintenance's rates are reasonable and I continue to receive exemplary service and never have to worry about my lawn or landscaping being anything but perfect.
Forget you Giant Eagle, Giggle, Market Crap etc.  Whole foods gets a bad rap as being "expensive" and yes I agree there are some very ridiculously expensive things in there, but this is where you IGNORE them and get your basic essentials.  They are always running specials, and you can get some good deals.  If you actually try to price compare between GE and whole foods, you'll find that whole foods is actually cheaper, and the only reason you don't shop there is because people will feed you into thinking you'll spend your "whole paycheck" there.  What crap.  Write a list, prioritize and buy the things that are sale.  Whole foods has a much better selection (freshness wise) in produce, meats, and cheese across the board.  Yes you can find some great stuff in the strip, but you will also find some reasonable items here.  Over the summer I went on a scavenger hunt for clams, WholeysGE were both gross and overpriced! Whole foods has fresh clams and they were much cheaper than the other two locations!  Try it out, you won't be sorry.
Well worth the drive for Madisonians. The brewery has a nice little bar inside and, in the summers, a beer garden outside.  The brewery also has something else inside: lots of really, really good beer.  If you're a fan of the Capitol Brewery, this is a religious pilgrimage.  There's a gift shop and a tour (which should be taken, camera in hand).  Standing in the warehouse surrounded by kegs stacked to the ceiling is a near-religious experience.
I love this place! I have been several times and have yet to be dissapionted. everything it tasty. The spicy vegetable is delicious and the tan tan men was out of this world! I usually ask for them to leave the meat out of my dishes becasue I just have a weird thing with meat in soup but the groud beef in the tan tan man was great.
This place has so many hidden treasures! Give yourself at least half an hour your first time, so you can smell every dish of amazing herbs, spices and blends. My favorite items include the chipotle powder, country french vinaigrette, Extra Fancy Vietnamese Cinamon, and Trinidad Lemon & Garlic Marinade. Be sure to grab their magazine when you leave - it has recipes in it using their spices.
I'm ashamed to share that my 10-year old bike still has the hair on the tires, AND the tires were flat from having been in my storage shed for 6 years. Figured it was a good idea to get a tune up (and a helmet) before trying to ride again! The shop owner was so nice! $40 for the tune up and even though it was going to be ready later that day, he advised I leave it a bit to make sure the tires didn't need a new tube (they didn't). He patiently showed me how to put the bike rack on my car - even though I didn't buy it from him, I just brought it from home. He didn't try to sell me the most expensive option of the accessories and in the end, I got a tune up, a helmet, a bike lock and a headlight for $128 (including tax). He taught me about the gears on my bike and gave me a map of all the bike paths in Phoenix! All the while, charming banter. I feel like I've made a new friend! Not only can you buy bicycles and any accessory you may need for your bike at this little shop on Hatcher Road, I understand you can rent bikes here too; and, the shop is right by the canal so if you don't already own a bike but feel like riding, this would be a great launching point. Of course, I SAY that... let's see if I actually get on mine now...
Great place for breakfastlunch. The crepes are great and the coffee is what you expect at an independent coffee house (excellent)!When in town I eat there at least once but, try to hit it twice. The atmosphere is great (good for all ages-- small children- business lunch- or to catch up with friends). Don't forget to take quarters for street parking. Pittsburgh has cash only parking meters. The meters on Craig St. have 1 hour max but, $0.25 does buy you half an hour.
Fantastically informative. Admission costs next to nothing and it is totally a worthwhile afternoon experience. I have lived in the South for over 20 years and have not learned as much about it in those years as I did in the afternoon I spent at this museum.
The food was surprisingly good and the prices were fair considering you're in a casino and they've "gotcha." I ordered the pan fried egg noodles and they were awesome. We also ordered the fried rice and it was great and even reheated the next day for a great meal. The appetizers of potstickers and the malaysian roti bread with a curry dipping sauce were delectable. I came here based on a recommendation from my mom. And... now... I recommend it to you!
If you are looking for something to do on the weekends in February - April, then you really should think about visiting the Renaissance Festival. I had put off going for years because of the location, but once I finally bit the bullet and went, I now look forward to going every year!Here are a few tips:*Get there early and be prepared to spend most of the day. There is a lot to see and do. *Wear comfortable shoes because there is a lot of walking. The good news is, there are also plenty of shady areas to sit and take a break as well. *Bring spending money! There are scores of shops with tons of unique merchandise. The Festival also has attractions like camel rides, etc that are not included in the price of the ticket.*Be prepared to eat. There is a lot of food and booze to be enjoyed! You will see many people dressed up in period attire. It adds to the mood of the festival. And don't be shy to interact with them. Many will be "in character" and it's fun to talk to them and even get pictures taken. See you there!
Went to Pint Central on their second night open. At that point, they were serving only apps and salads but had a full bar. The menu has a great selection and as a vegetarian, I appreciated the fact that they have vegetarianvegan indicated on the menu next to items and the bartender explained what accomodations could be made on other items.I had the egg rolls - can't recall the name of them but they're southwestern style and came with black beans, corn, cilantro drizzle (could be removed for vegan option). They were delicious! I also ordered the eggplant dip which had some kick to it (I like this) and came with grilled bread slices for dipping. My boyfriend had the shrimpsausage skewers. He said they were fantastic. Their selection of beers is crazy, local and hard to find. My favorite beer - Unibroue La Fin Du Monde was on tap, which I appreciated as it is pretty hard to find outside of bottles. Bartenders were attentive and I can tell the place will become a favorite even more as the weather warms up. Great outside patio that is currently being explanded around to the front.
I love Kaya.  This place just exudes a fun and friendly atmosphere, and is the only place I know of where you can order Tapas in Pittsburgh.  They're all delicious, and if you've never tried alligator you can do that here too.
My son read the reviews here  on Ultimate Lawn Maintenance.I called the owner Brian to get an estimate and he actually came by on Thanksgiving Day.I was very impressed how quickly he returned my call and was very pleasant to deal with.We had years of weeds and over grown bushes and the yard was a horrible mess.His two guys did an outstanding job,were prompt and very professional.I would not hesitate to refer Brian and his crew and plan on having them keep the yard in this condition.We have had landscapers in the past and none of them came even close to doing such a fabulous job and were as reasonably priced.
dr Brian and his staff are simply fantastic! if you want to get to the root of the problem and not just cover up your symptoms with a pill, then going to an NMD is the way to go, as they will help give your body what it needs to take care ofheal itself!both dr Brian and dr Elton are the picture of health - you know they practice what they preach! they have helped me more than any western MD ever has!
I love this cozy little restaurant!  The $10 meal deal is especially great for indecisive diners like me, and it's always delicious.  I can't comment on how closely they adhere to Peruvian cuisine, because I've never had it before.  The shop is fun too, but I'd feel awkward browsing the art without intending to stay, so I only look around after I'm done eating.
Walking into Red is a serious problem for most: you're confronted with what is easily the most beautiful selection of vintage furniture in Phoenix... and the prices are astronomical. I used to complain about this until I became aware of what the going prices are for the same exact items in coastal cities. Phoenix: we got it good; stop complaining.We recently showed our home for the first time on a historic home tour. A Tudor Revival built in 1931, we've always struggled to find the right furniture, accents and fixtures to fit the antique style with our modern tastes. We went to Red hoping just to find some inspiration, but after explaining to the owner what we were doing, he offered to send someone to review our space.We ended up with a suede 60's era danish couch and two leather chairs that made the rest of our interior look downright stupid. We ended up redecorating, paint and all, to better suit the new furniture. It was a lot of work but well worth it.We now are on the verge of a full-blown vintage furniture addiction that is only being held back by our income. I've actually considered putting off plans to travel the world and raise a family in order to get the perfect coffee table.
Solid drink list and pre-dinner snack list.  That's it. Clean and crisp w awesome lounge vibe. Peter
Food is totally awesome. The owner is great too, the only issue is that since she does everything, it's possible it takes forever to get service.Restaurant, Clothing Store, and Grocery.
Hot Wings + Strong, cheap drinks + A great karaoke crowd = perfection.I didn't expect to find any establishment worth, well, anything, on my visit from San Diego, but BOY was I wrong. Brigett's had a nice crowd there to SING, not just laugh at other people singing. I only wish there was a karaoke bar THIS great in SD. I'll be back!
For full disclosure's sake, I work here.  I can, however, be unbiased since I don't work for the Faire itself.The best deal is to take advantage of the 2-for-1 tickets that take place on opening weekend and President's Day Monday.  Be warned: everyone else is doing the same thing and it is CROWDED on those days.  Presidents Day can be particularly bad.To get your day's worth, I recommend going on those days where it looks like it's going to rain.  People generally stay away, so it's not nearly as crowded.  You get walking space, shorter food and drink lines, and better access to shows.It's better to go in the beginning of the run as opposed to the later weekends.  It can get hot those last weekends in March.Food is pricey, just like any other outdoor venue.  It's actually a better deal than the State Faire (I price-checked, so I know).  Your best value is to get a bread bowl and get the large soda ($3 for a large cup.  Ask them to go easy on the ice).  The food is tasty and filling.  If you don't want to buy the food, invest in a good cooler.  Fill it with food and ice and put it in your trunk.  Go out and eat lunch. Make sure you get your hand stamped first so you can get back in.You can't bring food and drinks in.  You are allowed to bring water; plain, unflavored water.  Please don't give the front gate ticket-takers a hard time about it.  They're nice people who don't make the rules.  They do check bags.Also, unless it's a service animal, leave the pets at home!  Only service animals are allowed into the Faire.  They won't let you bring in your puppy, kitten, cat, dog, iguana, macaw, alligator, wooly mammoth, etc.  There is a rudimentary kennel where you can keep your pet.  Yes, the birds of prey will find your chihuahua puppy to be a tasty treat.  Leave it at home.  There is a rental shop where you can rent electric scooters (like rascals, not razors), wheelchairs, strollers, and wagons.  They are first come, first served.  They don't take reservations, and have a limited number of electric carts.  Make sure you get there first thing if you need one.  Also, keep in mind that there is a weight limit on the electric scooters:  300 pounds.  If you're over that amount, they can't rent to you.That having been said, the Faire site is 30 acres of walking.  There is a decent amount of seating, and not a lot of shade (we're in the desert after all).  Little ones will need lots of breaks and drinks.  Make sure you're drinking the occasional water to help soak up some of that beer.Speaking of drinking, there are both porta-potties and flushies.  If you can hold it, wait for the flushies.  The shows are wonderful!  There is belly dancing, and juggling, and acrobatics, and comedy, and mystery, and intrigue!  Some of my personal favorites are  Hey Nunnie Nunnie!, Barely Balanced, Zilch the Torysteller, The Wild Men, Three Guys and a Bunch of Drums, Wine and Alchemy, the Birds of Prey, and probably others that I'm forgetting.  Ded Bob is a big draw, as are the Tortuga Twins.  Get to those shows early because it can be standing room only some days.There is an opening gate show that begins at about 9:30.  There is also a closing gate show that starts between 5:30 and 5:45.  There is a variety of shops from food to clothing to house tchotchkes to artwork to toys to candles.  You will find something that you want. There are rides for the kids.  Some are free, some cost extra money.The butterfly carousel is free and is great for toddlers to about 5 year-olds.  The other rides are about $2 (might be more, I don't know); the bungy jump is about $6, and there are camel and elephant rides; I think they're $5.There is also a Dungeon Museum.  It think it's $2 to get in.  It's disturbing and fun.  I'd recommend it for 10 years and up, maybe going a little younger if your kid doesn't scare easily.   I highly recommend dropping in on hot days because it's air conditioned. There's also a Storybook Museum.  I think this is also $2.  This is where you want to take your little princesses and princes.  There are little dioramas set up with fairy tale stories.  It's cute.There is a petting zoo that is FREE!  You can have a little sit-down and pet some chicks and baby ducks, and there are usually some border collie pups with their moms.  Visit the big hairy cow!I almost forgot the joust!  You have to see at least one of the jousts throughout the day; there are 3 so choose wisely.I think that's everything.   You don't have to go in costume, but it's much more fun that way!
I love this place!  Great atmosphere and friendly service every time I go!!
best. cake. ever.our friend laura worked there and brought some cake with her to family parties... now thats the only cake we get because its soooooo good.
Awesome new restaurant to the Saint Laurent scene!!If you have never tried Burmese food before run don't walk to it now!!The owner Pri will guide you through the food and culture that Burma (now known as Myanmar). I had the Mohinga which is soup made from fish, garlic, onions and lemongrass. It is served with thin rice noodles and other condiments. The taste is so refreshing and it is fishy. I also had the tea leaf salad which is made out of fermented tea leaves. But trust me that this will be one of the best and unique thing you will ever eat in your life (Anthony Bourdain just had some on his trip to Myanmar and loved it). This salad is a perfect appetizer to start your meal. I wish NYNJ had a Burmese restaurant that was half as good as Ruby Burma. Please support this place and Montreal will have another star in their restaurant world for many years to come!!
This small gem has been around since little Herbie Hoover was president, and it serves one of the very finest examples of the Southern Chili Dog  a dish consisting of 2 meats, 2 veggies, and bread, a complete meal.They serve other things here - burgers, sandwiches, etc - but the hot dog is the prize here, and should be ordered here, and ordered often. The dog is the star of the place, and the thick, meaty chili is the star of the dog. It is the thickest chili I've ever encountered, anf the result is a heavy, delicious dog.The burger here is ok, but pales next to the dog. The fries should be avoided, little taste or texture. This is a simple, no ambiance diner, a little worn and weary, but worth seeking out. Every time I am in Charlotte near lunch time, the question is here or Price's.
Such nice staff.  I really lament the decline of the modern bookstore.  I really enjoy browsing and picking up a new book.  The store has a great selection and the staff are always helpful and kind.  I really hope this store stays here for some.  The prices are also fair and often have great discounts.
This is the most authentic Hawaiian restaurant we have found since leaving Maui - just like ohana - aloha - fabulous!!!
My boyfriend and I headed out to Louisianne's on the recommendation of a couple of his friends. We were encouraged to make reservations as the couple noted how this place is frequently filled to capacity every night. Well, Sunday night it's not so. And that's when we went.Louisianne's is located underground, and the atmosphere below is warm and inviting. To the left is the bar with the piano and stage for the jazz bands that play nearly every night. In front of and to the right are small, white-clothed tables. Our service was excellent. Because there happened to be so few people there that night, the host and the waitress were both quite talkative and welcoming. The meal was delicious (you don't need appetizers here - the entree portions are QUITE large). I highly recommend it and can't wait to go back for the nights of live jazz.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh.  Whenever I come back to town, I make it a priority to eat here.This is one of the ony restaurants I've ever been to in the United States that serves such a large variety of Taiwanese specialties.  Outside of Taiwan, this is the best I've eaten.I really like the special plates they serve that come with a choice of meat and then some rice, veggies, and a boiled egg.  Man, I love those eggs.I also highly recommend the appetizers.  The Chinese style sausage with garlic and the crispy fried tofu are my favorites.Overall, the food is excellent and the prices are very reasonable.  They also make some of the best bubble tea around.
When you walk along St Laurent, or even St Dominique, and get to Napoleon street, you will get a whiff of something in the air,  The smell is of chicken, but not just any chicken COCO RICO chicken.  It has a sweetness to it and your mouth starts to water because you know your in for a great mouth full.  The crispy skin, browned just so, covering the juiciest pieces of chicken, that will fall of the bone and into your mouth, like a sacrificial virgin into a volcano, only willingly.   I only do the chicken (OK maybe some macaroni salad once in a while), and a Portuguese bun.  But the pork is also good for a taste, but a little on the pricey side, potatoes have never done it for me either they look good but then meh! you get a better deal with the whole chicken, don't even bother getting less. Even if it is just for one, take it home you wont regret it and probably make friends as well.  Having tried several Portuguese chicken places I still say this one has it's own unique flavor and texture, and it's fast and easy to get so if your wandering along on St Laurent and you get the COCO breeze, walk  in and indulge.Tip try this chicken with piri piri sauce, which can be bought in most grocery stores.
Camelback mountain is where my parent's got engaged ahhh!Every once in awhile, in any season but summer, I come and attempt to hike camelback. I feel I am in decent shape, but this hike isn't a piece of cake. I prefer to stick to the easier trail on the mountain ( I can't remember the name) or just explore. Not just because it is more flat, but also it is way less packed. So you won't get run over my half naked joggers or bombarded with families trying to stick together. It's a much better trail to be able to enjoy nature and still has beautiful views. Parking is a you know what, and don't think you will be the only one who thought it was a good idea to come early. Beautiful mountain with awesome views!
Thinking about doing something extreme in Vegas Then this is your spot... it's great firing a few rounds at the shooting range, but it's even better shooting paintballs at your friends!Located just minutes away from the strip, Club Splat is the newest and largest indoor paintballing joint in Las Vegas! You might be asking why I gave this place 5 stars and who cares if it's indoors Well let me explain....Paintballing is a high adrenaline blood pumping sport, you're running, crouching, sliding, and crawling in anything and everything. Now imagine doing all that in 110-degree weather! You'll start sweating just thinking about it! Now, not only is the weather awful; but also, if you've never played paintball before try playing out doors where you're on the side that gets beamed by all the glare from the sun. Try not to shoot your teammates...It's a fact, playing outside does not compare with the fun excitement of playing in an indoor field! What's also great about this place is the variety of fields they offer...Club Splat features four awesome fields; The Pro field, a speedball field with turf and blowup bunkers, The Wild Wild West, a shanty western town made from plywood, Splat Town a miniature replica of Call of Duty Black Ops popular Nuke Town, and a kid friendly field, Kid Splat. The fields are really creative and truly a lot of fun for any size of group. What's great about Wild Wild West and Splat Town is that if you have a really large party they'll combine the two fields to make one gigantic field! How cool is that!Not only is the facility top notch, but also the team is truly dedicated to making sure you have a great time. They're super cool and all about teaching you what you need to know to have fun. They don't laugh at you when you get shot or ignore any questions you have about the sport; they're just as focused on safety. They're very knowledgeable about the sport and the refs are always sharing tips about improving your game. What's great for tourists is that they offer free transportation to and from strip hotels and offer a unique Happy Hour to help you save on entry, rentals, and paint!Overall the facility receives a 55, the staff is fun and friendly 45 and the pricing is a little expensive 45, but what do you expect You're on the strip...
Love this place! My favorite dish is their chicken fried rice! The owner here is super nice and the food here is delish!
Best mall pretzels. Better than Auntie Anns! They are very doughy and buttery (which I like). My friend got the pizza pretzel and said the dough was not like the pretzel dough, so I would not recommend that one. My kids always ask for them at the mall, it's hard to say no because I want some too.
Kuhn's automatically receive 1  for being open 24 hours. Beyond that, customer service has been great, the shelves are stocked well, prepared food and deli items are better for you than fast food with better ingredients at a better value! When I'm in the the are, this is my go-to shopping spot.
Omgoodness! Went with the other reviews and tried Genaro's. This was some of the best food ever and we eat out a lot, everywhere and all cuisines. The rotisserie chicken held up to the reviews as the BEST we've  ever had! The sauces were crazy fantastic too. From the Aguadito soup to the plantains to the cilantro rice to the most awesome Tres Leches. Wow. If you're in the area or anywhere  near Pineville, NC definitely recommend. Service and recommendations  from Luis were greatly appreciated  as well. 5 stars. We are bookmarking  this one and are so happy it's only 12 hour away:-)
We went to P. F. Chang's last night and I was really impressed with their service and of course the food. When we walked in, it was obvious there was a wait. We were pretty hungry and almost left, but the two hostesses working were just so sweet that we decided to wait it out anyways (which turned out to only be around 10 minutes). One of them even checked on us a couple of times and told us that there was only one person in front of us and we were next. Such a sweetheart. Our server was Claire and she was just as sweet! Usually when restaurants are busy, you can tell the servers are stressed out and they tend to kind of rush you to make a decision, but she was the exact opposite. We ended up deciding on the chicken lettuce wraps and split the Mongolian Beef. NOM! It was so good. I wish we had leftovers because I can't stop thinking about the deliciousness that was P. F. Changs! The manager, Mike, is a very very nice man, too which I think must rub off on all of his employees. Great food and amazing service. I have NOTHING to complain about!
This is the Best place to enjoy a night out, no matter what night you choose. Every night has entertainment whether it's a local band playing or getting your BINGO on....Come Check-out the HOTTEST original name, but NEWEST design lay-out of Ahwatukee locally owned and enjoy our neighbors.Mikki ~
Happy hour at Cheesecake is the best!  (So that is purely what my review is based on!)  Super friendly servers, great drinks and excellent food!  Compared to the normal prices (which are pricey) happy hour is a great time to come in and get all the best appetizers for excellent deals!  Go and enjoy!
I was here on Mother's Day with my Mom, my mother-in-law, my aunt, and my cousin.  This was a "girl's day out", a gift to ourselves (we left the menfolk at home!).  Afternoon Tea was absolutely exquisite.  Don't get me wrong--I love a good ballgame and hotdog just like everyone else.  But sometimes I gotta do "chick stuff" like this too!  We took the tour of the mansion and the Frick Art Museum.  Current exhibits include The Road to Impressionism: Barbizon Landscapes from the Walters Art Museum and 1806, Jena, a significant late-nineteenth-century painting by French artist Jean-Louis-Ernest Meissonier.  There is a lot to see and do at the Frick.  Get off your butts Pittsburghers and enjoy this place!
I'm going to have a hard time finding words to describe this place..... My husband and I have been to Auberge Du Dragon Rouge twice while visiting friends in Montreal. The first time was a wild enough experience that I HAD to go back. Our first time visiting we arrived to find about a 2 hour wait to get a table for our party of 5. Eh.... wasn't crazy about that but our friendtour guide insisted that it was worth the wait. Finally when we got in, we entered a small restaurant whose dining area was maybe the size of my LRDR, yet seated DOZENS of people, jam packed in. If we were in the US, this place would certainly not meet fire code! Once we sat down, luckily, we felt right at home. During the entire meal, the wait staff walked... that is... SQUEEZED, in between our tables singing and playing on their banjos. Being as everyone speakssings French, I could not understand a word, but it was still fun. As soon as our waiter found out that my husband and I only spoke English, the (friendly) harassment began! The harassment only got worse when I ordered the one (and only) vegetarian meal on the menu - veggie burger. The most interesting part of the meal comes AFTER you eat, when the wait staff asks who would like to prove their allegiance toward slaying dragons (or something of the sort) by drinking the blood of a recently slayed dragon. The "blood" is a warm drink consisting of Tabasco sauce and I think whiskey, and before you drink it, you have to stand on your chair and take an oath of allegiance! Crazy enough that I regretted not doing it the first time, and was the sole reason I made a point of going back this past year. Needless to say, the blood does not taste good, but it was fun enough that I'd do it again! The lack of vegetarian options would probably normally cause me to take off a star, but the fun and unique atmosphere made up for it. Definitely a place to go with a group of friends, some of which hopefully speak French, as the menu is in French.
Karsh's Bakery can be found in an almost hidden location of a shopping complex at the corner of 7th Street and Missouri. The same owners who opened the bakery in 1968 still run it to this day.You will find a variety of bakery items to help you celebrate any occasion (or if you just need a sugar fix). Kichel, rugulach, turnovers, Mondel bread, pastries, challah, fruit bars, breads, bagels, cakes, butter cookies, muffins, eclairs, cheesecakes. There may be more, but my fingers hurt from typing.I stopped off to sample the famous Black and White cookie at the behest of one of my colleagues at work. When I walked in, I noticed that the price of this cookie was $2.10. Seems a bit steep for a cookie, but after sampling it I can say that it was worth every penny. The texture was light and moist and the frosting on top was rich and chocolaty (The "black" half was, obviously). Cookies and cakes with edible images on the top can be ordered so you can eat the face of a loved one with little or no screaming. Cakes are available in 10 varieties with over 20 choices of filling and over 5 choices for frosting. Make an appointment to sample the variety of cakes, ensuring your next special occasion is one to remember. Karsh's also separates the Dairy ingredients from their non-dairy (pareve) items. How thoughtful! The staff was very friendly and helpful and I was served quickly.Just remember, the Black and White cookie... two races of flavor, living side by side in harmony. Maybe if we look to the cookie, we can learn a little something.
One of the best lunch spots in charlotte. Great specials and allways fresh. Not impressive on outside but staff is awesome and food is some of the beat around.
The best bbq in the world, I'm pretty sure. A great menu and very friendly staff. The cornbread alone will change your life! I would definitely recommend Sonny's to everyone!
There are many criteria in which to judge a Dr., their office, and their staff.  My short list is:Dr's knowledge of his specialtyPersonalized service (Not feeling like a sheep getting herded out asap)The office staff experienceWait time as compared to your appointment timeCostI consider myself a stringent consumer as I educate myself in whatever product or service I am buying, and I hold the experience to a high standard. Phoenician Health gets 5 stars in each of the previous categories. Dr. Majidi knows much more about the body than a chiropractor would be required to. His passion for the body shows through his work. He gives each patient very personalized service and you always end up having a good conversation about your health including nutrition and exercise. He is also a DJ so feel free to ask him about music. The office staff is always friendly and welcoming. They manage the patient load efficiently and you never find yourself sitting in the lobby waiting well past your appointment time. I have been a cash patient as well as an insurance patient here and never felt like I was even paying what one would expect given the current state of health care.The office includes other services as well including massage  phyisical therapy (My insurance covers these, what a treat), Homeopathic treatment, and even weight management. I highly recommend Phoenician Health if you are looking for a quality medical experience.
We just had a dinner there tonight, great meze platter, and chicken shawarma. We all left full & happy.
Authentic Indonesian is a bit of a rarity in Montreal but Nonya does just fine. The beef rendang is particularly good. The service was friendly. I came here with a group and everyone left quite satisfied. I do suggest trying out the reijstaffel menu so you get to taste a bit of everything.I'll be returning.
Does anyone remember when the Illini Union used to have a real cafeteria in the basement where the food court now is They served some of the best comfort food available.  This was 20 years ago!
Baby it's cold outside. But I'm so prepared for snow it's not even funny! Now here's the thing...I was a desert dweller for close to seven years, so when I moved to Madison in autumn 2012 I refused to believe that temps drop as low as people proclaimed. And my first winter here was mild. Last year, however, was rough stuff. I remember being told to stay indoors and was warned not to go outside without my face covered by several reputable weather peeps. It was brisk... rull brisk. So this year I decided I was going to do winter right! And for me that meant paying a premium for a base layer (top and bottom) that I plan to live in until May. There are several websites that offer an insane amount of information comparing and contrasting fiber counts and materials and weight and oder retention, and then there's Rutabaga. Where owner Darren has his equipped team of outdoorsmen and outdoors-women are prepared to answer pretty much any question about any product they carry. And what's more, they've all been there... in the great outdoors. The gent going back and forth with me today talked up the IceBreaker Merino Wool tight and crew, explaining that to him, nothing feels better. (And he wears the stuff on the daily.) He also led me to another option, super.natural, which comes in at a lower price-point but doesn't have the fab feel of the more expensive option. He also mentioned that super.natural tends to fit a bit closer to the body. At this point it was time to try things on. And even though they have a generous return policy, I wanted to leave with something I knew I'd love. So I'm in the fitting room with both brands' top and bottom and just as described, the IceBreaker felt great but the super.natural fit great. And at the end of the day, knowing I wanted to take home two sets, I went with the super.natural for fit and price, and picked up a pair of socks to complete my ensemble. They carry Smart Wool in every solid, pattern, stripe and polka dot, and an interesting brand made in the US called FITS, which has a cool heel lock that's supposed to keep the sock in place. I thought I was going to walk out of there with some Smart Wool as friends talk it up like it's gold for your feet, but after hearing about the quality going downhill since inception, FITS is what I was feeling.I can't remember the last time I spent so much on underwear. I'm going to say never. But it'll be worth the money when later this month everyone else feels like a popsicle and I'm warm but not toast, breathable and not damp. Rutabaga also has a stellar selection of snow shoes, and I'm eying a pair from a company based in Denver that uses 95% recycled material to make a Cadillac-like kick. If you're not up for the investment, they also rent winter equipment, and a big part of their business is paddlesports come summer.
My bf is a Pittsburgh native.  I remember the first time we had Primanti's from Lucky's in Chicago.  I served everyone their Primanti's in my living room, dodging the Terrible Towels as the Steeler's game pushed on... and I stared at mine, wondering how the heck people can possibly eat this heaping, gross, mass of meat, slaw and fries.  I took mine apart and made a nice little buffet across 2 plates and ate it that way.  THEN I took my first trip to Pittsburgh, took a chance on the real deal... and boy oh boy did I become a Primanti's lover!  Everytime we go to Pittsburgh, we hit Primanti's for lunch.  We have to!!  I never want to start a trip to Pgh out without hitting Primanti's... pronto!  =)  Primanti's is a great little spot to grab lunch, dinner, and even a mid-day snack.  I love the fact that this place is always jammed full of people.  Their food is well worth the wait and the effort it takes to tackle a table before someone else does.  The murals on the wall never get old, and it's great for one person or the whole family.  I can't wait to go next week for the start of my holiday season!
Trust me- more fun than you think it will be! It was recommended by my friend, and I was game to try something new. I've never painted anything but watercolors in my kids' coloring books, and I loved both the experience and the painting I brought home. It's true that that beerwine calms your thoughts of " i will mess this up and can't erase it" as soon as you start hitting that canvas. Time flies by so quickly, and that's when you know you're having fun.  I chose to copy one of their paintings, and it helps keep your focus with scale, etc. Definitely recommended!
I LOVE At One Yoga. I seriously would go there every single day - maybe twice a day -  if it wasn't so damn expensive. Why is it so expensive Boo hoo. Anyway, price aside - I think this is one of the best Yoga spots I've ever been too. They have tons of classes at convenient times, great instructors, spacious clean and comfortable rooms and a great variety of classes and instructors too. I really like Jen C and Sarah B. The Flow classes rock and the hip hop class is the best thing ever. The classes at the Scottsdale location are better than the Phoenix location, but I'm not sure why. I think they are more intense in Scottsdale.To be honest with you, I tried Yoga dozens of times and never really liked it until my experience with At One Yoga. So thank you At One Yoga - you introduced me to a new love...that I can't afford.
I travel to NY, San Fran, LA and Houston and this is the best Columbian food I've found ( no offense but who would really expect that in a Suburb of Charlotte). Got the chicken with a mustard like cream sauce on it. Fantastic!  Fried cheesecake....amazing!  Sour sop juice to drink....heaven. Just go there and you will write a review like this as well.
I really enjoyed eating at this place. It's right by Concordia University. The prices are reasonable and the food was delicious. I had the shawarma and it was amazing. I ordered it with the roasted potatoes and it came with this garlic creamy sauce that was absolutely to die for.
Best reason for Jews to visit Las Vegas. This is a top-notch kosher pizza restaurant that features legendary pineapple toppings, and a full menu of other cuisines.Best advice is to stay at the Stratosphere and walk over for lunch and dinner. Adar is right off the strip.
This was probably the least expensive great restaurant I went to in Vegas (OK we're not counting In-N-Out cause that place rocks for $6). SOOOOO many good plates, I mean, I had most of them and loved them, but I wanted to try them ALL!  I am picky about tapas... I lived in Boston and went to all 5 tapas places in the city regularly.White peach sangria on a sunny afternoon sitting outside with the heat lamps on and yummy, yummy Spanish food.  If that doesn't cure a hangover, I don't know what does.OK I guess I have one negative thing to say, but it still won't change my rating.. the sangria pitcher is on the small side.  You might need two.
Ahhh Lake Pleasant.  Soooo many memories, most good, some bad.  I have been coming to Lake Pleasant for many years, well actually my whole life, and I still make it out to the lake at least half a dozen times a summer.  It is a wonderful way to beat the heat and enjoy the outdoors.  We normally zip around for a while, do some wakeboarding and make a b-line to Humbug Cove aka "Party Cove".  Now, Party Cove isn't for everyone, it sort of reminds me of a mini Havasu - if you've been you catch my drift. If easily offended by the following, party cove may not be for you:T&APartial NudityCrazy drunk peopleBeer bongs & Jello shotsGuys asking you to flash them for beads.  Really  Who does thatSure some of these things bug me, but I'm drawn to the place. Don't have a boat or watercraft  No problem.  Many places in town rent them or you can rent from the lake.  They have it all - jet skis, speedboats, or my personal fave - the pontoon boat - imagine a giant raft with a roof and seats.  There is a marina with a small shop, in case you forgot your sunscreen and a full-service bar that serves food.  They are in the process of building another marina, I am not sure if it's open yet, but I hear it's supposed to be nice.  Memorial Day weekend is the annual kickoff.  I'll be there with bells on!  Join in the fun!
What a gem in Montreal. The menu is authentic, service is great and food is delicious. I've offered my recommendation to several colleagues and will gladly return next time Polish food is the preference in Montreal.
I love this place so much. Their rice is a thing of beauty. I've been coming here for years and have never had a bad experience. It's very small but there always seems to be a clean table available. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Food is consistently delicious and my husband loves their baklava.
D's is a classic pittsburgh joint.  Their main fare is hot dogs with a wide variety of toppings, but their menu also includes other standard bar foods like Pizza, calzones, hoagies, etc.  But let's be honest, while the food is good, when D's comes up in conversation it is unlikely because you are raving about the "chicago dog" you had there last night: D's is widely recognize as the location of the "beer cave", a massive collection of beers from around the country and even around the world.  Everything from little-known microbrews to fairly exotic imports like Delirium Tremens (the variety comes from the fact that they are owned by the same people as the nearby McBrooms beer distributor, I have been told).    A group of us grad students goes there every thursday night, so say hello if you're there.  An added bonus is that the "new" side of the restaurant is already smoke free.
Anyone know where they are located or phone number They are no longer at this location.
What's not to like about a place that would front money for a week long Zombie film festival featuring George Romero himself  Been a member of the light factory for a few years and I always enjoy their exhibits and film festivals.  Its a good organization with a great sense of humor and purpose.  I'm glad they are around.  I have taken two of their photography classes and really value what I learned.  Met a bunch of geeky nerds like myself and had a great time.  You may think the prices are a little steep at first, but worth it after you see how much better your pictures turn out.
I bought my first bow today and Dave Trainer I think his name was sooo helpful. I got a great deal on a bow I REALLY wanted. He was so knowledgable and helpful. I brought my bow home and am in love with it. Everything went so smoothly and he took his time to get it adjusted and show me how to use it. He is an asset to Sportsmans. He wasn't the least bit pushy and he was knowledgable. I will be skipping Cabelas and going to Sportsmans wear house from now on.  Oh I did get to watch security take down a shoplifter. My advice don't shoplift here cause they will take you down and cuff your ass!! Nice to see justice served. ;) thank you Sportsmans warehouse and Dave for a great buying experience.
Finally made it into Olive This after they had been open for a month! These fine ladies opened up shop in Piper Glen Shopping Center and they are more than welcome to stay, in my opinion. A very simple shop with more infused, freshly crushed, and hybrid olive oils, white balsamics and regulars than I've ever seen in one place. We waltzed in after a short walk from our homestead to check out their digs. Kara, owner, greeted us and allowed her associate to show us the ropes. She walked us through multiple varieties of olive oils and vinegars. She gave us a fantastic abridged education on tasting the products and then we were off to the races. Sampling left and right, watching our eyes light up from the magnificent flavors of the different varieties. It's a foodie havenheaven. The staff is very knowledgeable and willing to help you find what YOU want to cook with. They ask what you typically prepare and help you find the best suited products(s).We ended up buying a bottle of the lemon ginger white balsamic. It's incredibly aromatic, sweet, sour, and works wonders on a multitude of dishes! I'm not much of a salad guy, but it's amazing on some greenery.If you love to cook, this is a great place to explore. You'll find yourself in a candy store-esque type of daze as you go through all of the options. Can't wait to visit again!
I have eaten here many times in the last 27 years, and I must say I have never had a bad meal here.  The Reuben is good, as is the Turkey Reuben, which is served between 2 potato pancakes instead of bread.  The Beefeater Sandwich is always a good bet.  The beef is always tender, and never fatty or grisly.  For the times when I'm a bit more hungry, I get the Wienerschnitzel.  Try the German Potato Salad andor the Sweet and Sour Cabbage.  And don't forget dessert.  The desserts are homemade by the owner's wife.
This place is amazing! They should call it chateua of the valley! double french doors open and a grand master ballroom straight out of the sixties awaits your every sinking appetite. Beus and Belles unite! This is a  real ball! Candlight sessions held every thursdays at 8:30 p.m. Also used as a meditational facility for the poor.
The food quality is good or not great. I do love the following. The anti-pasto is very good. I love there wedding soup. Don't write this place off due to some bad reviews, because they are flat out WRONG.
Good solid home style food at a very reasonable price served in a place that is quite possibly the friendliest I've ever experienced in CLT... honestly. The overwhelming majority of patrons are on a first name basis with the staff. ~Mel's diner... renamed Showmars
My dad and I were dropped off in front of Raku (Japanese restaurant across the street) at around 5 p.m. When we saw their 'hours' sign, it said they opened at 6 p.m. GREAT. We were in the middle of NOWHERE and it was freezing so we decided to venture across the street to the Pacific Asian Plaza.My dad saw a sign for Thai food so we went upstairs to take a look... except there was no one in there and I refuse to go into an empty restaurant. But a few steps from that Thai restaurant was Penang. The photos of the food looked really good and I searched around their door looking for Zagat signs or whatever and then I saw "YELP LOVES US." I WAS LIKE OH YES WE ARE EATING HERE.The food was sooo good!!! I had been craving Hainan Chicken Rice for the longest time and I finally got my fix there. Their ba gut deh (spelling!) was very tasty and reminded me of the soups back at the night markets at home. We ordered some fried noodle dish too but it wasn't that great. The service was good too but probably because we were in the only customers inside at the time. But a few more parties came in after us and I noticed every table had ordered the Hainan Chicken Rice, HOLLA! I was thinking that they must be known for that dish.We waited forever for a taxi to come pick us up but the food was definitely great and memorable. Oh and they are CASH ONLY.
This is a great place! The Cottage pie is so tasty...have tried it several different places and now are half this good. Fish and chips are great as well. My father has come a few times for the breakfast and really enjoys it. Will continue to eat as it truly is a favorite now!
The brewery was great and the tour was very informative. Refreshing to see a company taking pride in their heritage and showcasing products that are made in Arizona! We sampled their bourbon, whiskey and gin, and all were great. Not only did we enjoy and buy, but will be referring family and friends!!
I successfully tricked my friend into doing this hike, telling her it was fine for people who don't exercise.  Let me preface this by saying we're young, healthy, twenty-somethings.  Although neither of us are hardcore hikers (c'mon, we wore our normal sneakers and jeans), we managed to gasp our way to the top in the middle of a rain shower (which makes rocks very slippery).The first part of the course is what I would consider a hike: walking up a path.  Eventually "walking" turns into "climbing" and the "path" turns into a maze of boulders.  We overheard people on their way down saying that blue paint continued to mark the way to go on the rocks, and we followed them the rest of our way up.I won't lie, it's a challenging hike, and my quads were very sore the next day.  But it's doable if you don't have any major injuries and you have a go-getter attitude.  Note: we did this hike in 50-degree weather and still needed about 24 ounces of water each.  Gloves would have been helpful, as there is definite rock-scaling involved.  The view at the top is beautiful, and climbing down is just as challenging, if not more so, than climbing up!
Crispy Pata= HeavenThe outside was perfect, crispy not Greasy at all.   The meat was cooked just so.  The dipping sauce was some of the best that I've ever had.  I could just drink the dipping sauce, the wife loves it over her rice.
Expensive, but delicious! Goes great with delays or layovers! ;)The peanut butter bar was my favorite, I think it was $3.00.
I love this place!! All the food is amazing. I recommend it to everyone!! Their Philly cheese steak is the best I have ever had by far! The food is ALWAYS hot when you receive it.
My trip here was completely accidental as I thought it was still a sub-par gyro shop and never even bothered to look it's way! I'm definitely happy I did though. The staff was extremely friendly, the menu was interesting and very unique for Madison, and most importantly - the food was ridiculously good. I ordered the sweet corn pancake stuffed with homemade cheese and a side of yucca fries. It was served with two sauces and a pile of fried pork. This was easily enough food to feed 2 people but somehow I managed to choke down every last bite.The yucca fries were crisp and flavorful and the sauces paired with them perfectly. The sweet corn pancake was absolutely unlike anything I had tried before and I could have easily gone for seconds. I wasn't in love with the pork, but not because it wasn't tasty, I just wasn't feeling it that day. Overall, the meal was just incredibly satisfying, packed with flavor, and felt every bit as fresh and from scratch as they claimed it was.  This is one of those restaurants where I will definitely be returning to try more items on the menu. The only downside is that it is a bit pricey, but if I remember correctly they had decent lunch deals posted. This may be my favorite new Madison restaurant!
I absolutly love Razzos i have been going there for years and love everything from there wings and drinks to there salads and stuffed shrimp me and my bff are regulars before we hit the mall
Excellent tasty food, excellent value for money.There was loads to eat in our plates and we were served really quickly. Perfect little restaurant for a date!
Bill and Marilyn are great people, I was able to rent scuba tanks, wet suit for an affordable price for a boulder city dive. I use Zeagle, and lots of pelagic things and they are the only ones I know of that carries the line up I use and need.
Tasty Kabob is one of my all time favorites. This is a great place for veggie folks to get a wonderful meal when you are out with omnivores. You wouldn't think something as simple as some skewered veggies and basmati rice could be so amazing but IT IS. I even had my bridal shower here.. and my college graduation lunch.. I cant' recommend it highly enough.
I adore Khyber Halal, it's my new favorite. It's a new experience in a cuisine you may think you already know well. While not Indian, many of the dishes are novel takes on Indian & Middle Eastern dishes you may already know, like curries, kabobs, biryanis & naan. All of the dishes are marked by a fresh & vibrant taste. It really seems like homemade food, not churned out by the pot load. And the owners are very friendly and make for a nice atmosphere.
Love it. Had the Ultra cheese steak today with the cheese fries!Delicious! Reasonably priced.You aren't there for the ambiance.  Friendly service.Love this place.
Awesome food! Love the home made lemonade!On long afternoons (or mornings) after golf my friends and I always debate on where we should grab a bite. Normally we choose a place on St-Laurent as it is pretty central from where we are coming from. Today we went to Omnivore, a place that my friends have been raving about for quite sometime...but clearly I've never been to. I really enjoyed the food, we had lemonade(home made of course) to start while we waiting for our food to be ready. I really like it, I think there was a little bit of rose water in it...but I am not to sure! We both ate the Omnivore plate with a beef kafta. It came with a salad, rice & beans, pita chips, baba ganoush, and hummus. The baba ganoush was delicious, you really tasted the roasted eggplant.This will be a plate I will have to try again.
These guys are great! they really take the time to show you how things work and help make good recommendations on what brands and equipment will be best for you. Joe really helped me out, thanks!
Damn tasty Laotian food. Wish I would have known about this place when I lived here. I wouldn't have been such a wuss about spicy Asian food when I moved out to San Francisco. The food seems very authentic and the portions are actually perfect. Crunchy veggies and tasty curries. And where else in the world can you get a Spotted Cow or Two Hearted Ale with a Laotian meal
remember Boutros Boutros-Ghaliremember how fun it was it. mouth it with me. your corworkers wont laughboutros bourtrosnow let's say gado gadogado gadoand it's delicious. and rich. and cheap. and, down the street.gado gado
Yum! Meatballs and mashed potatoes! It was pretty savory and so cheap! Look out for deals and specials. On my receipt, they are doing an all you can eat buffet during special times. Also, free coffee with the ikea family card. We were also on the hunt for some ice cream. Soft serve is downstairs!
It's nice to have a yoga studio in Gilbert, really nice. There seems to be an abundance of studios in Phoenix, Tempe, even Chandler but Gilbert definitely lacks in that department. I started going to Gilbert Yoga after I took a job that no longer allowed me to go my regular studio in Tempe. I live in Gilbert so at first, Gilbert Yoga was more of a convenience than anything. Honestly, I've been thrilled with every teacher taken and specifically Ingrid and Robin. Now, it's not just convenience, I love everything about the studio. I really enjoy taking yoga classes with a mix of people and it makes me happy to see a studio that caters to all levels, all ages, and doesn't turn anybody off. I've seen more 55+ yoga enthusiasts here than any other studio and it puts a huge smile on my face. The studio has expanded. I took a class years ago and at that time the studio was only one room. They now have two rooms and a cute little entry way. It must mean they're doing something right! I love the studio, it's a breath of fresh air in an otherwise muted suburban landscape.
There was just nothing not to love about Brasserie V.  We had a table of 6, with only 5 people arriving on time.  Our missing friend ended up being about 45-60 minutes late, and we did not order food until the latter half of that time frame.  Sure, we ordered beers, but we felt bad about absorbing a lot of table space on a busy Saturday night.  The waitstaff didn't even give us the stink eye.  They were pleasant (downright friendly, even) and professional.  Allow me to rhapsodize about their beer selection.  I was overwhelmed and elated by it.  I'm pretty sure that I have never seen such an extensive beer list.  They have something like 10-15 Belgian beers on tap (and, like, 50+ in bottles), complete with the appropriate fancy glasses to serve them in.  I am kind of a whore for drinks being served in the correct glass (which was my one beef with Tex Tubb's margaritas--a rocks glass!  Come on!).  I would highly recommend the "Saxo" and "Poperings Hommel Ale."  That Poperings....man, oh man.  It was the most perfect beer I've ever tasted.  All of the beers that my dining companions had (both dark and light) were also phenomenal.  I'd also like to point out that, if you request it, you can get as many samples of the beers on tap as you'd like.  Seriously.I tried Moule et Frites and in no way was I disappointed.  They bring you a medium-sized mixing bowl full of mussels, drowning in a garlic-butter sauce.  Cue drooling here.  They then plop down a huge metal cone full (FULL) of perfectly cut, spiced, and cooked frites.  Oh, sweet jesus.  While I was face down in my bowl of mussels, I heard things like, "This steak is $*&$!% fantastic," and "Ohhhh, the beer braised kale."  Nobody was less than 100% enamored with their food.On top of everything else, the place is charmingly decorated.  It's cozy and warm and beautiful.  I love it and need to go back right away.
Do you want to feel better by getting your systems up and running Tired of popping pills instead of truly fixing an issue Dr. Thompson is the man. He's honest, upfront, knowledgeable, and a true healer.
Radio Maria is at the top of the restaurant heap in Chambana for dinner.  Top 5 at least.  Haven't been for lunch and I haven't experienced the tapas yet.  I LOVE the atmosphere because it is understated and eclectic at the same time.  I love it when a restarant has the confidence to quietly state its intent rather than screaming "look at my personality!!!!!!!"  The radio hostess stand is lovely.  And I'm a sucker for their Crass-esque vintage graphic design.Excellent wine selection.  The Reisling and Gewuiztraminer are my favorites.The service has always been friendly without being intrusive.My food has always been cooked perfectly.I can't say I agree with the claims that the menu is uninspired.  The coffee crusted filet with espresso drizzle and savory vanilla sauce is not exactly something you can get anywhere.  I think there is a fine line in a place like Champaign between daring and scary.  You can tell by the popularity of places like Olive Garden in this town does not have the most adventurous pallate.  Fennel, Saffron, hearts of palm, plantain, poblano chilis, mole... these ingredients are all "hot" in celebrity cuisine scene and at the same time pallatable items for most people.  It might not be truffles and quail eggs, but it is modern and accessible.  Oh yeah, and delicious.
I used Windy City Dj's for my wedding in November. I researched a lot of companies and I really think I got a great deal with them. The office staff was great and very flexible. Curt was my dj and he was awesome. He also did my sister's wedding. If you don't want a cheezy wedding dj, then go with Windy City Dj's. Very professional and great to work with and we had a great group out on the dance floor!
Fantastic service and great food!  I always make it a point to come here every time I am in Charlotte.  It's a must.  I love their fried chicken!!
Excellent place for family. Good food & service.
CHEAP prices, excellent food, what more could you ask forService: A bit slow, but the waiter explained someone called in sick that day, which is fine.  I've never had Ethiopian food before and they were very helpful in teaching me how to eat the enjera.Food: I ordered the "Chicken and Egg" dish with enjera, which was AMAZING. The best way i can describe it is that it tastes like curry, but not as spicy.  My friends ordered the Beef and Lamb tibs, which came sizzling on a hot plate.  Everything was delicious and perfectly seasoned. Portions are huge.I wish there was one in Southern California.*My opinion may be a little biased because my mouth (and wallet) were still sour from an incredibly underwhelming and just as incredibly over priced meal at Bouchon at The Venetian the night before.  Apparently, they charge you a RESTAURANT FEE just to eat there!
Some anniversary spots we've tried: Barrington's, McNinch, George's Brasserie.  We thoroughly enjoyed the dining experience here.
I love the pad Thai!
the service here was great... expesaly when the table caught on fire...they where quite helpfull...everything was great... there was that cucumber thingy... and the ice cream thingy... and the portions where huge... and good wine selection... grrr why I need a course in Persise cause I can't remember the name of anything I had... but I remember the fire...
I came here following a student. On trial basis. It's kind a small place but very calming....havnt figured out why yet.  You feel spoiled here. I only get my hair done here but planning to use other services soon. I noticed that other clients as well get great personal services here. It's nice to see men come here as well.
We love this place. We go each time we are in Vegas. They have our favorite ribs. It's a full rack for $20 including fries. Note: the ribs are coated with a guava-based BBQ sauce, so don't expect the typical smoky southern barbecue. They have a full bar with a complete catalog of mixed drinks, although the drinks are pricey. Located on Flamingo road just east of the strip, but not walking distance. Lots of other Caribbean inspired dishes, but we have never tried any other items because the ribs are too good to pass up.
I've been wanting to find a good Salvadorean place in Phoenix and this place is it!  We went there on a whim for dinner, along with three friends and everyone hands down loved the place.  Its clean, comfortable and charming;  the menu is varied, with foods from El Salvador, Mexico, the Caribbean and even a few american style items.  The service is friendly, helpful, and didn't try to hurry us up.  My husband had the steak and onions, and it was excellent. We all shared several pupusas, which everyone loved.  And shared a fried plantain with beans and cream and it was delicious!  My vegitarian friend had the Fried Yuca (wout the pork), and she loved it. My husband is puerto rican and is very picky about restaurants, and had been resistant to trying Salvadorean food for a while - but this is now one of his favorite new hole-in the walls in Phoenix. We will be going back often!
What a nice little place. Casual but classy, if that makes sense. Totally delicious Shepherd's Pie...I really liked that it had green beans in it, as opposed to all other Shepherd's Pie I've had with peas (ick). I kind of wonder if the big Heritage Square events impact the ambiance, but I'd definitely go back here if I'm in the area and looking for something to do. I do wish they had their own parking... the only parking I could find was in the garage on 5th St.
ya, im one of THOSE girls. you know, the kind that can't change her oil, flat tires, headlights, you get the picture. i use AAA on a pretty regular basis and today it was the funeral of my battery. I was sipping my sonic happy hour iced tea, listening to the radio while enjoying the cooler weather and my eventless saturday. Then i got bored of that, so i decided to take my tea home. but my car wouldn't start. what the hay!!  thankfully, AAA was on my speed dial and they set me up with a 30 minute time frame. but im pretty much VIP since I use them all the time and a battery truck came to my rescue in like 10 minutes. I don't know for sure if it's bc of my important, best customer of the year status that it came so quickly but it did and it's safe to assume it's bc they love me so much. and it's another reason why i love them- ALWAYS on time.the knight in shining armor (aka dirty work pants and beat up battery truck) came to the conclusion that my battery was dying a slow death. but he had a spankin new one w a 3 year warranty and it was ready to go for a sweet little price. he got rid of the old one, installed the new one, and i was on my way. so for the $70 or so yearly charge for AAA, all i can say is it is SO worth it. thanks and see you again soon, triple a!
This place rocks.  I was jealous of all the Peruvian chicken joints they have in DC until I found this gem.  The chicken is spiced and cooked much better than any other similar place I've been to.  Rice is great, so are the ripe plantains and fried yucca.  And the sauces that they serve with the chicken are addictive.  I will be back asap.  Be careful of the hours though..they close early (9 I think).
Once again, Groupon makes me try new places. I had the dinner for 2 Groupon and decided to check it out when I saw beef tongue sandwiches on the menu. I love the stuff (so much that my dad once brought me back a full pound of beef tongue from NY while on a business trip) and hate driving all the way to Carnegie once a year for it (and paying the marked up prices for it). The sandwich here was just as good, the price was way less, and the service was great. It's quieter and a fabulous alternative to Carnegie. I will be back very soon!!!!
Love this restaurant and feel compelled to visit it when I am in the neighborhood.  Khalid the owner is very personable and I like the fact that he shares his Kabul heritage if you care to ask. The food obviously is cooked from scratch.  So, be very patient, because it is well worth the wait -- especially because the prices are so extremely reasonable.  It is not really "fast food," it truly is a home-cooked meal with quality ingredients.Addendum, updated 06032012:I went there again today and once again the food was simply amazing!  The care that is taken to cook AFTER it is ordered.  Everything is made like your Great Aunt would do it if, of course, she was from Kabul, Afghanistan and if she was following cherished family recipes and if she were using only the finest ingredients.  Just taste the rice and you will know what I mean.  Then try any of the expertly spiced and prepared meats.  You will be hooked.Khalid was not there this afternoon but Tommie was and he was just as gracious. I go to Kabob Express when I want a great meal for an incredible price and when I want to impress a friends or family.  It truly is a bonus that the prices are so low.
Krannert Art Museum Center is awesome and completely changed my perception of IL. I took an art tour (excellent) and an architecture tour (not as great). Of course it depends on the tour guide. I really wish I had left more time to just wander around. This is not your typical museum. It's full of "resting spots," beautiful scenery and tons of diverse art. I would go back to IL just to revisit Krannert Art Museum.
This place has the best Thai food in pittsburgh so far. The korean short rib appetizer is a must...flavorful and portion is big for the price you pay. We also tried the red curry with chicken and braised short rib with some kind of pineapple coconut sauce...they were very creamy and not too sweet. Loved them. Will definitely make this place our regular dinning spot.
Only those seeking piercings need enter here.  No tattoos.  These chicks take their chosen art form seriously and are very professional.  They are happy to answer any questions.  We took my niece here for her bellybutton piercing, and the ladies couldn't have been cooler to work with.  I even bought two more for my own while waiting. If you want piercings, PLEASE get it done here and not at a tat shop where piercing is sometimes an afterthought.
Fantastic gluten free options! Great service
Spent a Saturday driving around to the breweries in the area, and this was hands down my favorite.  The atmosphere during the tour was super casual, the bar inside was full of friendly bartenderstour guides. (Bier Garten was closed as it was practically winter.) This was my favorite tour because the guides actually describe the process of making beer and tastings were handed out rather copiously.
I swung by after the recent YVE bc I haven't been here for a few years - amazing how things look the same after all this time.  The reason I did an update is because I wanted to note that this place has a pretty wide selection of new bikes - not a ton of high-end new stuff, although he can special order something in if you want to support your local small business.  He does have quite a variety of sizes and models of, shall we say, more accessible mountain bikes, cruisers, crossover bikes which are like mountain bikes but more for on-road riding, and so on.
I had the rib bye medium rare done and it was perfect, probably one of the best steak I had in years. Then I had  the mini duncan donuts for dessert served with some type of chocalate ice cream and caramel dips. I was full all night and it was worth every penny.  Definately make reservation  ahead of time especially if you have a big party.
I'm so thankful that I had the chance to experience this! It's located right underneath PNC Park (take the stairs down by the park) After signing up, a quick paddling lesson, and your life-jacket, you're headed on the river! We had soooo much fun. The view is amazing and unlike any other view of Pgh (even the Gateway Clipper view) There's just something about being right on the river and looking up at the beautiful city.We tried our best to make it far, but you really have no idea how tired your arms get! After about 6 minutes, I let Bobby do all of the paddling and I just sat back and relaxed. He got tired quick too and our kayaking lasted an hour, but we will always remember it! We're going to have to do this again soon this year!It's not an expensive date either. If you're visiting Pgh or a long-time resident & haven't experienced this, you are truly missing out on an awesome adventure! :)
We should live like the M&M people.  They accept M&M's from all colors: brown, blue, teal, light purple, green.  You name it, the M&M world does not discriminate.  But yes, the M&M world is amazing.  I don't think anyone could walk out that store without a yellow bag in their hand.  The place has everything imaginable.  They have magnets, keychains, shirts, socks, plush toys, dishes, Christmas stockings and tons more!  You can find anything in that store.  What I love about this place is the floor with the movie and mini ride.  Well, not exactly a ride, but there's a part where they show how the M&M's are made with a tunnel.   The floor of the tunnel rocks back and forth and you feel like your one of the M&M's being made.Anyways, go to the M&M world and you will not be disappointed.
The best steak I've had in Edinburgh and the prices aren't unreasonable, either. If you love a good quality steak, cooked to perfection then look no further than Los Argentinos!
Don't let the negative reviews about "Methode Bistro" affect your decision to dine there. The restaurant is off the charts!!! The cuisine is exquisite and the service is impeccable. I had the squab and foie gras appetizer (by the way, methode is one of the few places in town that actually serves foie gras now that Mary Elaine's and Marquesa are closed). The Paella entree was so robust in flavor - and by far the best and most well seasoned dish I haved had in any restaurant. Presentation was stunning and the flavors were amazing.My only complaint, which does not even fault the restaurant is that the serving of foie gras are too small. Keep up the good work and best wishes for continued success.
I used this address as it is closest to my home and the location where my battery went dead. Yes, sure enough, my two year old battery failed after the headlights were inadvertently left on for an hour while parked. I was sitting in the car and did not notice them as it was daylight and, of course, I'd turned off the ignition. So here I was, now in the darkness, when the car would not start. I called the AAA number and gave them a few details that the operator needed. Then, she said the road service had been notified and they would be out shortly. The next thing, I received a text message on my iPhone saying the truck would arrive in  minutes and actually it arrived in half that time or like fifteen minutes! Wow! Then the uniformed technician in a AAA truck, promptly jumped started the car and kept it running for five minutes to make sure it would start, which it did. He then checked out the condition of the battery which turned out to be good as new.  That was it and I was off, greatly relieved not to be stuck in a county park alone, begging for a jump from somebody.  This was excellent service and what I really expect from AAA.        PS  I hope AAA reaches out to Garth of the review below, one day before mine, where he gave the one star. I've worked for an insurance company and, unfortunately, had too many claims, so I know how they work and his complaint is either completely invalid or there was a real miscommunication between him and his adjuster. I mean, the adjuster agreed there was $502 in damages after his deductible so the policyholder went out and got the repair done.       I know companies work in different ways as to how you are going to get paid or have the repair shop be paid, and feel that it is likely this polIcy holder misunderstood the instructions which could have been a little bit different then he thought. However, if all the facts are correctly stated in his complaint, AAA should have the ability to work something out with him and just pay the $502 instead of ruining good will. If he had be stupid, and tried to collect for the entire paint job instead of the $502, then I could understand a rejection of the claim.     By the way, my only connection with AAA is my twenty year membership and it is not for Auto and Homeowner. That is with GEICO for many more years. I hope he contacts his agent, if something is not done about this matter.
I'm not to sure about a lot of things, but one thing that I can positively say is that Ice Tango is the most kick ass yogurt place ever in AZ.  I first got addicted to Pinkberry and ever since then, I've been dying for that indescribable taste. Ice tango has that awesome unique flavor in its twangy yogurt and fruit.  I love it!  It is VERY recommended, and if you are sitting there thinking of going, STOP, don't even think, grab your keys and head on over there!!!!  For some of us, it is a little far, but believe me, it is SO worth it! And the hours make it so much easier, open till 10pm, come on! I LOVE YOU ICE TANGO!
My favorite place to eat in Champaign. My usual meal is the hangar steak with their absolutely divine french onion soup, but everything else I've tried there has been excellent as well. Whether it's for brunch, lunch or dinner, I've yet to have a less than wonderful meal there, I've always had great service, and I love the ambiance.
We ordered 2 pretzel dogs and they were delicious!  I normally add photos but after the first bite I couldn't stop eating it!  So sorry no picture today lol. I might have to go back tomorrow just so I can get a pic
This is one of our old favorite standards, and I'm constantly amazed at how many meat-eaters enjoy it too!  We usually try to go for lunch because we love the lentil soup they serve that only comes with the lunch combo.  We usually order something of the same...springrolls and either lemon grass chicken (excellent!), sweet and sour pork, or New York chicken.  Today we were adventurous and tried one of their new menu items, the garlic chicken....wow...it was awesome!  I think it just replaced the lemon grass chicken on my favorites list!  We also checked out their chow mein so we could have some veggies and it was very good as well....a great combo.They have recently changed the names of their menu items, which I think might be confusing to people because some of the names don't have anything to do with what the actual dish is!  But don't be afraid to ask, the staff is very friendly and they won't be afraid to recommend a dish to you.The only thing I hate about veggie house is that they are closed on Sunday and Monday!!! =(
Fantastic food and better prices
Well, I'm a little biased being that I'm one of the members here; but seriously Eye Lounge exhibits some of the better up and coming artists in town.  A little plug for myself, come see my show there in November (it's in the west gallery Omer!)  If any of you want a card, email me your address and I will send one right out to ya!
I'd never envisioned Ethiopian as a fast food, but the food cart on Library Mall proves it can be done, and done well.  I like the dorowat, and usually get it with rice.  Actually I don't think I've had their injera yet, but will make an effort to do so soon as everything I've eaten so far has been superb.
My wife and I have visited St. Anthony's Chapel three time so far and every time the experience is a moving one.  I would recommend the guided tour.  The amount of relics contained in the chapel is amazing.  If you a person of faith this is a wonderful place.
I have been going to Athletic Club South End since it opened. Recently, they have changed their name to EVOLUTION. They are focused on martial arts, yoga, fitness training and functional training. They have great massage therapists on staff and awesome classes.   The staff is very friendly and foster a family atmosphere.  Trainers are top notch. I actually refer my clients to them for personal training, massage, VO2 testing, and yoga classes.  My four kids take Budokan - a mix of yoga, martial arts and meditation there as well.
I ordered dinner one day and was very satisfied after my dinner.The food was delicious. I enjoyed it some much I bought lunch there the following day.The is now one of my best places to eat.I would recommend P.F. Chang's China Bistro to everyone.
Cupcakes are the new black.  And I've had myself some cupcakes from around this valley.But nothing tops Sweet Daddy.Priced fantastic.A good amount of both cake and frosting - although I must admit that sometimes a little more frosting is what I like.The cake is moist and the frosting is fresh.I have tried and enjoy: Pumpkin Spice (limited to holiday, boo), carrot cake with cream cheese frosting, lemon with vanilla topping, bananas foster of course the red velvet.When I bring these into the office for a special occasion I am the hero.  I should make a cape.
Important...Yelp has this categorized incorrectly.  The cuisine is not French, but FrenchAfrican Creole and is one of the most unique dining experiences I've ever had.  I was visiting Montreal for the weekend, and by sheer luck I discovered this GEM.  I live in New York City, and consider myself quite the foodie.  I have a policy in NYC to not repeat restaurants, since there are so many and so many that I still have to discover.  If Le Piton was in NYC, I would be in this restaurant every other week...that's how incredibly good it was.To start, I loved the ambiance.  The music was good, audible but not too loud.  Lit perfectly, and the decor made me feel like I was visiting an island paradise.Next, the owner himself, Jean Pierre, was our host and waiter for the evening.  He's a very pleasant and amicable man, who, even though I spoke not the slightest bit of French, was ever so gracious from the very beginning.  He spoke very good english, important for a tourist Gringo like myself.Important to mention...the restaurant is BYOB.  This is very good for keeping the cost down.  Try to bring a nice white to complement the spices.  There is a convenience store across the street, but it's wine selection was limited at best, so if you can, plan ahead and bring a nicer bottle you have lying around.   A good sweet white or a Nouveau or a nice Lambrusco would really go well witht he subtle spices in the food. The food...amazing.  Menu is prix fixe and very reasonably priced.  I started off with a salad that was unique, light, but sweet and delicious.  I then moved onto the octopus.  This was the most unique and saporific octopus I'd ever had.  Was not rubbery AT ALL, a first for me.  I highly, HIGHLY recommend trying it (Jean Pierre confessed later that it's his favorite too).  Not tried was the shark, though this is the other specialty of the house, so I trust that it must be good.Jean Pierre has been meticulous in putting together his restaurant, and everything fits together beautifully.  The menu is one of the most amazingly crafted menus I've ever experienced.  Jean Pierre sticks to the mantra of doing a few things, but doing them better than anyone else.  If you are in Montreal visiting...go to this restaurant.  If you live in Montreal...go to this restaurant often.  You will not be disappointed.
O M G!!! What a gem had I not read the yelp reviews, I would've passed this place by like a in house fast food joint.. boy would that have been an incorrect assumption! Flavor and freshness! Great customer service and interaction when they even bowed to my request of changing the type of curry I wanted in my dish! I ordered the vegetarian Kang Dang. On the menu it is described as, "Thai red curry in coconut cream sauce with cabbage, tofu, straw mushrooms, onions, red peppers, asparagus, green peppers and bamboo shoots".. but they willingly changed it per my request to yellow curry at no extra charge or major fuss. :D  After they obliged, I decided to also order the vegetarian Tom Kha, a Thai coconut cream soup with galangal and lemon grass, lemon leaf, tomato and straw mushroom. Since I got it veggie instead of meat, it also had peppers, onions, celery, broccoli and a slew of other welcoming and tasteful vegetables. Both dishes were surprisingly wonderful. I will gladly return, try other items, and suggest this eatery (there is a seating area behind the flowers, next to the Starbucks) to others! Happy eating!  ..and just to add their prices are high, but they are in point for quality.. and the ownerscooks are quite friendly.
Can't miss stop for the best Fish Sandwich in Pittsburgh.
Just went to Republic Ramen a few weeks ago and again Saturday, everyone had been raving over the boba and ramen.  It was delicious. Since my friend told me they had added a vegetarian ramen, so  I was excited to go back and had to try it. Impressions; Loved the modern decor, felt very urban. The staff was also nice and helpful. Eager to share about the different flavors! The Ramen was wonderful. There was a nice amount of vegetables and a lot of tofu. The flavor of the broth was amazing. The noodles were cooked just the way I like them. The boba was fresh and I tried 2 different flavors. I had one with espresso that came recommended by the boba barista for the caffeine kick I needed, it was full of flavors as he said! I truly enjoyed it all and I will definitely be back soon.
Very good dessert - had the lemon tarte. Even better Ham & Cheese sandwiches. Didn't try their biscuits, but will definitely be back next weekend :DBring cash! $10 minimum for creditdebit cards.
Such a beautiful store! My favorite place to shop for MacKenzie-Childs and gifts for over 20 years. Everyone is always so nice and helpful! A must go if you're in the Phoenix area.
This museum is truly a hidden gem. It may be small but after talking to the staff, they have plans to expand and improve shortly. The Miracle on the Hudson is the most popular attraction, however the other attractions such as the Piedmont DC-3 and F-4 Phantom cockpit are worthwhile as well. My only concerns were the lighting, it's a bit dim, and the ramp area, it's only open during limited hours. However a staff member told me these are both being addressed and will be improved in the future. Additionally they have plans to open a second hangar focusing on helicopters. Overall, quality museum, friendly staff and reasonable admission prices. Worth a trip.
This place has everything!  And it's cheap!  They've got a nice cheese and meat counter, lots of imported Italian goods, and house-made treats, pasta, and other foods.Here's a tip: try their chocolate-covered almond biscotti.  Mmmmm.
As a resident here in Vegas...it's one of the best Dim Sum restaurants in town. For out of town Yelpers...no need to look further for your Dim Sum fix. This place don't open till 10 or 10:30am and Dim Sum isn't served all day. Weekends can get a bit crowded so get there early.
Great for breakfast...Great for lunch...Great for Happy Hour...Great for late night food...Great "Philly Cheese Steak", Ruben is great, Happy Hour Domestic Beer $1.75 pint.Music is always great !  Depending on who is there,  its always different...Just can't wait to go back everyday...tim
So, I entered the small Patisserie that is known as Crepes and Bakes.  The place had a nice quaint look with sitting inside and out.  Sitting down, inside, we were greeted by who I expect was the owner.  She was very friendly and very helpful.  Looking through the menu I of course found a huge selection of crepes, but also found sandwiches, salads, soups, omelettes scrambles, and french toast.  This of course is a crepe place so why order anything else  The question was did I want a sweet, savory, or breakfast crepe.  I decided to go with a sweet fresh strawberry crepe with custard.  I split that with a friend who went with a breakfast scrambled egg crepe, with salmon and cream cheese.  The owner waitress asked if we would like to add capers or onions for no extra charge.  We went with the capers, no onions. Another guest with me went with the nutella french toast.  The food arrived and everything looked amazing.  The strawberry crepes were great.  The crepes even seemed to have homemade whipped cream, which just added to the great taste.  The breakfast salmon crepe was awesome, too.  There were just enough capers to dot the scrambled eggs without being too strong.  I would highly recommend it.  I had a bite of the nutella french toast and it like everything else was very good.  The nutella gave it a unique, but good, taste that is typically not found in the United States.  I would definitely go back and orders from the crepe section without hesitation.
ahhhh i love getting to pick the restaurant!!! no Out-back or Chili's when I pick, i think my team secretly likes that i am foodie who hates chain restaurants....(although they never admit it!!)I chose peruvian, i love peruvian and inka heritage did not disappoint.its off the beaten path in Madison (behind the capital) - we went on a Tuesday night, needless to we were seated immediately (there were only 2 other parties). the hostess was also the only server & she made all the drinks, so this made for a slow eating experience esp when more people arrived...I could not decide what to order (typical!) so i ordered a couple appetizers for a meal - the tamal...AMAZING!!! my fave - full of spices and even a hard-boiled egg, the yucca....a classic that I love!!, and an avocado filled with chx salad (the reina - i think)... typical, good but def not the tamal!!my dining companions both ordered the lamb - which was super tender and the flavor left you wanting for more!we also ordered wine and some cocktails...overall very very delicious and a cute little gem in madison!
Great breakfast place. Come hungry. Look for Dick, my dad, and Gino at the counter every a.m. about 0830 and say hi. Try the mixed grill (half).
Alan totally helped me out a couple weeks ago when I was in a rush to get a family photo framed. I found him thanks to yelpers stating how awesome he was- and they were 100% right. He was friendly, professional, does beautiful work and for a very reasonable price. I will never go anywhere else for my framing needs again. Thanks, Alan! :)
Really, I can describe this place only in superlatives. I've been here multiple times now, and it has never disappointed. Everything is cooked fresh, the flavors blend beautifully, and the owner is pleasant and informative.
Very happy with my experience to date. I bought my bike else where so rightfully I had to pay a little higher amount for a full body and bike sizing but at least they were not like several others I approached that were standoffish! The thing is, if I like the service and products I will go back! Chris scheduled my appointment while over at another of their stores and everything was on time. Chris was thorough in his explanation of every step and measurement and they promised to refit until I was satisfied. I happily replaced my seat with a modern version of a split with the correct size for me and my Handle bar stem too.David tuned up my bike for 30 bucks and didn't charge labor for the new parts. I also bought new bottles and cages and am happy with the products.The guys were friendly and thorough. It felt like the old days when you went in and shot the shit at the old barber shop or hardware. I like and need that personal connection. When we are ready to get my wife a bike I will go their 1st and no matter what,Chris is handling the fitting! I just don't have any negative with my experience!I almost forgot to add that I rode the next day and what a difference! I have had this bike for almost a year and have been miserable and uncomfortable, I was ready to sell it! I had a much higher power transfer and my ride was up easily 2 miles an hour with zero discomfort! This makes me happy as I ponied up 2000 bucks for this bike elsewhere!
This is by far the best Thai resaurant I've found in the valley. I like that this place is family-operated. We always go during lunch when its near empty and get waited on hand and foot. The waitstaff talks to us like we're friends, not customers. We always order panang. The panang is, as my friend puts it, "to die for." She gets chicken panang, I get the tofu panang. Either way, all you're really going for is the sauce. One day we'll grow the balls to just ask for panang sauce and a couple straws. We also order tom yum to start, nam tok (beef salad), and I get my standard green curry and sticky rice. Green curry is my favorite Thai dish ever, but Komol's is pretty lackluster. But everything else is always really good. My friend told me you're supposed to make little balls with the sticky rice and sop up the juices. The last time I went they were pushing Moonstone Coconut Lemongrass sake. They sell it $7.50 for a half bottle. It tastes mostly like coconut milk + nigori sake. The lemongrass, I caught more aromatically and at the end of the taste. It was really good. Komol is located in the Commercial Center, sparsely populated with small businesses, including an Asian (Korean) market. I go there for some dessert mochi.* off the strip, non-casino
If you need a reason to go to downtown Glendale, this is it.  A Touch of European will remind you of a small lunch spot in large urban cities surrounded by tall buildings even though it is in a small cottage in the middle of downtown Glendale.  The menu is mainly Polish, however it does have many other "touches" of Europe.  The tomato, basil, mozzarella sandwich melts in your mouth.  The cibatta bread is perfectly baked on site and the balsamic vinegar sauce is downright perfect.  I still have not been able to figure out how they make the sauce.  It is not your standard reduction.  Also try the stuffed cabbage.  Again, the food just melts in your mouth and is very filling as well.  There is patio seating as well as seating in doors.  On a nice day, I recommend sitting outside and enjoy the serene world of downtown Glendale.
It's all about the Black & Gold. (Only on the brunch menu now, though!)And the Tofu Tenders.And the vegan baked goods from My Goodies.My only complaint is regarding the vegan milkshakes. Sorbet does not a milkshake make.
I heart Modern Salon.An amazing value - got a great haircut and a relaxing (didn't realize that was possible) eyebrow wax here yesterday... only $65!  Lesley gave me the exact haircut I was looking for, all while fixing the goofy layers I was growing out from my last busted haircut.   The service was fantastic... as long as I am in Charlotte, this is the only place I will go.  Tip - they do not let you put tip on the credit card, so make sure you have cash with you!
Staff is really friendly.  They will look up books for you and do a lot to make sure you have a good experience. They also have a really nice inventory.  I am always impressed when I come here. There is also a cafe with free AT&T Wi-Fi so you can bring your laptop to the cafe if you want.
Other 5 star reviews of The Guanaquita restaurant definitely do not fall short of how great the food is! All authentic Salvadoran food at great prices.I ordered the Quanaquita platter and it was an excellent choice with several menu options on one plate. The food was not greasy and was prepared with fresh ingredients. Staff were very friendly and the service was great! I would recommend The Guanaquita to anyone who is looking to try something different in Kitchener. Overall great restaurant!
What a gem! I don't know if this is a new place or people just haven't heard of it, but my party and I came here. It's quite small but it was BYOB and the food was amazing! I had the ahi tuna special and it was fresh and delicious. Everyone else seemed very pleased with their meals as well. I'd love to eat here again if I had another chance to go to Pittsburgh. Staff was also very friendly despite finding out I was from Michigan and a Red Wings fan.
OK I know what you're thinking - You're a chick!  Why are you rating MEN'S Wearhouse!  Well recently the BF and I went shopping for some business friendly clothes for him.  Our "wardrobe expert" (and I feel terrible because I forgot his name) was incredibly friendly and helpful that I couldn't help but think - WHY DON'T THEY HAVE STORES LIKE THIS FOR WOMEN!!  Someone who helps you - no matter your size or height, finds you the pants that fit your body, the dress shirts, the jackets, etc.  This man was absolutely STELLAR!  Incredibly personable and he knew his job well.  The BF left with exactly what he needed and I may or may not have talked him into a few other items... What can I say, I like a sharp dressed man (cue ZZ Top).  So if you're looking to make your man a little more stud-ly with a jacket, tie, dress shirt, or perhaps a full suit, stop by Men's Warehouse.  You'll be drooling over him in no time ;)
Oh the food here is soo good guys. I come here really often and each time is a sweet experience. I've tried the veggie meal last time and that too was awesome. Love their flavours and dishes. Dont forget to BYOW and try their yummy soup.. Heres to good convos :)
The owners Chris and joe were extremely nice. They took my reservation without a credit card. I rented two decent wave runners for $125 each for the whole day. $300 deposit on each. Brought them back at 5.30 in the same condition I picks them up. TheY threw in the life jackets and a hitch and trailer for the skis. This really is the best deal in town and 33 minute drive to the lake. Awesome day on the lake
This is basically a large specialty market. It mainly carries Russian items but I also saw a lot of Moldavian, Armenian, Ukrainian, Polish, Romanian, Bulgarian, and Georgian items. This market has a hell of a lot to offer from boxes of chocolate to specialty beer to dried meats, a variety of cheeses, teas, coffees, honey, jam, cookies, liquors, you name it, I even saw toothpaste and medicine. I was glad to have found this place. I intend on trying the wide beer selection of dark malts as well as some of the ice cream and chocolates. In addition to carrying most everything, they have some traditional pieces in the back for your own home. Lovely store! I was even greeted in Russian right when I entered! Which reminds me of the wonderful service. I always had someone asking if I needed help looking for something or if I was doing okay. :)
excellent home cooking German food. Friendly and welcoming atmosphere. Went on a Tuesday evening, only wated 2 or 3 minutes for a table. We drove from Scottsdale just to eat here and will deffinatly be back.
Ok, so I live in Portland, Oregon, and have for many years now, but grew up in Pittsburgh and thought I'd check out the Yelp scene in the 'burgh.  Seriously, you guys need to get writing!  Don't be making my hometown look bad.And the BBT.  It became a regular spot for me the summer after college, and the last time I held a PA address.  When I was visiting home last November I went back to the BBT with my father, who occasionally does open mic night there.  Ever since, when telling people about Pittsburgh, I bring up the BBT with a happy glaze in my eye and a slight smirk.  Portland only wishes it could have a "dive bar"  so steeped in history, so unassumingly cool..oh, and the perogies.  XOXO BBT!P.S. I think I've been away from Pittsburgh to long because I forgot how to spell pero...pier..you know what I mean.
I've only ever been to Kampong Ah Lee once and it was delicious. I'd heard rumours of their laksa (I love coconut milk in food very much), but never managed to get there until after going to a massive poetry event at Queen's Hall. I was starving, so that probably helped (since we all know hunger is the best ingredient), but getting handed a massive bowl of laksa (and I'm talking HUGE) that I only paid 6 pounds for, was definitely a highlight of my year. That might be an overstatement.It's a teensy restaurant, and it's quite popular, so sometimes you might find that you won't get a seat. We were lucky since there were only two of us. The service was really quick, and even though I managed to spill water and lassi everywhere (over the table and myself), they didn't ridicule me or make me feel guilty, which is always a plus. I definitely recommend going. Give yourself some time to look through the whole menu (it's overwhelming how much tasty stuff they have on it). And maybe go with a smaller group so that you're guaranteed a seat.
Incredible food! Warm ambience and fair pricing. Definitely recommend one their gozlemes :) highly recommended!
If you are into vegetarian and vegan food then you will get this restaurant. If not then you may not get it.  The restaurant is inside a grocery store. Everyone is very nice.  food is always good.  About a dozen or less items on the menu and everyone good. I took my friend who only likes to eat things that are bad for him and he conceded that the food tasted good.  Down home hippy style interior in the restaurant area.  You order at a counter and they bring out the food.  they sell good vitamins and jewelry here too.  I have been here many times and never had a bad experience.  Not fast food but comes out in no longer than 20 minutes and maybe 10 sometimes.  While Vegas has many wonderful places to eat a very healthy place is rare and this is one.
I enjoy the group exercise classes at HFFA.  The hip-hop cardio held in the gym was a pretty good workout.  The class was full and everyone had a great time.  Initially I thought I would have to step out but it quickly had me working up a sweat.  Sometimes you just have to be patient and go with the flow.  The center has an olympic sized pool and a smaller, warm pool used for swim lessons and recreational swimming.  They also have a child care center for the little ones while you are working out either in a class, on aerobic equipment, or in the free-weight area that is primarily dominated by men.  I like free weights so they will have to move over!The place can get pretty crowded after work hours with both adults and young adults (older kids).  The parking lot has been overcrowded this month.  I sincerely hope that all who are venturing out to get fit will continue the journey throughout the year.
I joined the Pilates Joe studio at Scottsdale and Thunderbird  about 16 months ago. I go three times per week on a regular basis. I hate to  miss a class because you can really feel the difference. Pilates is all about strengthening and toning from head to toe. This studio has a" spring wall" which was new to me and I love it!   The instructors are AMAZING!  They are so knowledgable and they keep the class moving and are so good at explaining what you're doing and why.  The classes are not huge so you really feel like you get the individual attention if or when you need it.  Over the years, I have joined many gyms and signed up for many exercise classes. This one feels like home to me. I would highly recommend this Pilates Joe Studio to anyone. I would hope that you would enjoy it as much as I do.
Stopped by for lunch and ordered the Sierra Turkey 12 sandwich on asiago foccacia bread & broccoli cheddar soup in a bread bowl :) Amazing, and filling. No wonder its packed at lunch time. I'd eat here a few times a week if it was closer. Yum!
I'm very impressed with this range. It's very clean, they provide target stands with concrete slots at 3, 5, 7, 10, 15, 25, 50, 75, 100, 150, and 200 yards. $7 a person. They have a punch card for multiple trip discounts. The breaks are every 15 minutes. A bit father from town than I'd like but the drive is scenic. Highly recommended.
As a former vegetarianvegan, I've recently been discovering the (full, not substitutions or single-option style) menus of my favorite places. The vegetarian platter at this place is so good, though, that I really don't even have that desire. Okay, maybe I'm game for the chicken stew with a hard-boiled egg as an option, but come on. It's a stewed hard-boiled egg.  How could I not Misir wat, the red lentil stew, is by far the tastiest thing on the vegetarian menu, but the gomen and fosolia (greens and green beans, respectively), are also good, and completely different. Each dish is seasoned differently, so the platters offer flavors that really compliment each other (rather than blending). No garlic overload or trite use of the same spices over and over. The greens are definitely sporting some garlic, but the green beans are sweet and light. Everything is stewed here, but the variety of meats and vegetables allows that. Plus, I think I read somewhere it's traditional : )Salads are unimaginative, the vinaigrette is just that (but goes well with the bread, as vinaigrette tends to do), one tomato wedge per person rule seems to apply. I wish someone would ban iceberg from restaurants. Bread is amazing, spongy and sour. Soup is good, a bit salty, very thick and noodly. When low on cash, that plus one stew will do you ok. Beers are Ethiopian, as is the wine. I've tried both beers and the white wine they had, I favored the Harar beer with my meal.
This is my first and probably only Yelp review.  But I feel as though I should take the time to write about my wonderful experience at Henne Jewelers.This was the first place I happened to look when I started the quest for an engagement ring.  I have never bought jewelry for anyone before, so I was as ignorant as a customer could be.  I also just got out of school and was only beginning to save some money.John Henne helped me and my S.O. personally for the better part of an hour.  Very early on I felt an obligation to inform Mr. Henne both how ultra-preliminary our shopping was and also my realistic price range.  That didn't make any difference, as we browsed all over the place.  Mr. Henne was personable, kind, and made us feel so comfortable.  At no obligation did I feel an obligation to buy. The customer service was among the best I have ever experienced.  Mr. Henne gave us his undivided attention, even while other employees sought his ear. We made sure to shop around different places, but nothing came close to the experience we had.  Ultimately I decided to go with an heirloom from my S.O.'s family as an engagement ring, but I sincerely plan on taking my future jewelry business to Henne.  As far as prices go, we're talking about fine jewelry so the sky can be the limit.  But there were certainly a great many items in my price range.  Really though, the customer service was incredible.  Everyone should have a go-to jeweler.
We eat here every time we visit Vegas as my dad lives nearby in Summerlin. Consistently good food and stellar service.  We showed up tonight w a party of 10.  Seamus the manager was the best.,,,got us a table and our server was great.  The food was as always perfectly prepared (and we order everything slightly off the menu). Beers are great and so are the mixed drinks.  It's not smoky inside, not overly noisy and just an overall pleasant place to go, especially to get off the strip.  This is one of my dads favorites and he comes weekly. We have been coming monthly when we visit and I am finally getting around to writing a review.  We had a bad experience this AM at Weiss deli so coming here was so relaxing.  I hope the management reads this and knows how much we enjoyed the meal and service.  Seamus is so incredibly pleasant, he makes the visit that much nicer.  Even my husband, who never really comments on service mentioned this.
At first I thought the the name of this restaurant was Anal's, so I wasn't really sure about where my brother and his wife were taking me.  I ended up having a terrific meal.  I couldn't even tell you what I ate but I know it was good!  Most of the items on the menu were unknown to me but everything we ordered looked and tasted wonderful.  I recommend trying something different here at Anal's...  I mean Amel's.
I really love this place.  If I lived in Vegas, you'd find me here a LOT!  Cheap eats, REALLY outstanding Hummus, and just all around delicious  Mediterranean grub.  More food than you could possibly eat for under $10.  Great grilled food.
Decided to hit this place before hitting on 12 while the dealer shows a 9 at the Rivers.   We didn't have a reservation but the server seated us anyways (we had to be done by 7).  It is BYOB but they deal you a $4 corkage fee per person drinking.  The bread sticks were fresh and warm and were the perfect accompaniment to the delicious soup du jour, potato soup.  The side salad that comes with the meal would make the hall of fame for any side salad league.  It came with olives, Gorgonzola, julienned carrots and other veggies.  I had the pork tenderloin with veggies and mashed potatoes.   The tenderloin was perfectly cooked and the mashed potatoes were like having two aces in the hole.   It would be tough to find a better waitstaff.   Plates disappeared, water was filled, and I never knew they were there.  If your looking for a place to try before going to the casino or bucco game this is a sure bet, just call ahead for reservations.  They do have outdoor seating but the views wont show up on any postcard.  PS The 7:00 reservation called to say they were going to be late so we were allowed to relax at the table till 7:30.
The Korner Pub is a delightful little dive with the perfect mix of classic Pittsburgh dive and craft brew haven. I grew up near this bar, and remembered the murky smoke-filled spot as somewhere I'd never venture. Since the Korner Pub has come under new ownership and cleared up the smoke, it's been recommended to me by countless South Hills dwellers. If you're looking for a laid-back spot to grab a beer, watch the game, or play some pool, this is the place. The draft list is fantastic, with a wide range of crafts brews both local and national. I bugged out when I saw the prices. $13 growler fills This is officially my new growler filling station. The prices are affordable, and the pub also offers cans and 6 packs to go. The menu also offers pitchers of all the drafts--a welcome choice when you bring a group or plan to stay for awhile. If you're not a brew fan, I might not recommend this to you. The spot only offers beer, and there is no food sold here. I'm told you can bring in a meal--which is easy enough with several pizza joints nearby. The space is really simple, with a main bar, a dart room, and the pool table in the back. I played a quick game of pool while polishing off a Nitro Mojo IPA. I'm sorry I couldn't stay longer, and made a promise to be back very soon.
The food is great! Too many schnitzels to choose from and every one I have had is great. Try the rouladen if you happen to go when it's a special, it is amazing! Service is good and the portions are too big to eat in one sitting, you will be taking some home. Nice selection of imported German beer, so don't expect to get a domestic brew.
Patrick and MatildaThe show was the most entertaining experience I've had in Las Vegas! I went to this show on Friday the 21st of August. I was invited by a friend of mine. It had been a while since I had been to a ventriloquist show and I was excited to go. I'm glad I did! The show was amazing from beginning to end. Patrick and Matilda share they travel anecdotes as they see the world together. Just like any traveler knows there's always funny anecdotes to be told when you get back home. That's what this show is based on. It was very engaging to the point that I didn't want it to end! For awhile I was avoiding my drink as I couldn't take a sip without trying to hold my laugh. Matilda is so funny that I wish she could come visit me just to hear about her traveling experiences around the world! She's flirtatious, honest and foxy! She and Patrick will have you laughing off your seats! I left the show wanting to see it again! I recommend every adult to see this show because it will not disappoint! My overall experience would be exceptional and will visit Patrick and Matilda again next time I'm in Las Vegas!
Panera Bread is great! The employees are energetic and full of life. This location was huge and spaced out well. I ordered the smoked turkey sandwich on asiago focaccia bread. Sandwich was made to perfection I must say. Fresh green lettuce and tomatoes, melted swiss cheese, and came with a broccoli and cheese bread bowl.Everything wad made fresh to order. They even have you seat yourself then bring the food out to you when its ready. The seating is a bit crowded if you don't have a booth or you're not sitting outside. They offer free WiFi as well.Overall, the food is inexpensive and Panera Bread is a great place to enjoy your lunch break on. I'll definitely be back!
Yet another reason that Pittsburgh is so incredibly lucky.  The Carnegie Museums are scattered throughout the Pittsburgh area and include the Oakland Museums (highlighted here) as well as the Carnegie Science Museum and the Andy Warhol museum.  This three building complex (the Museum of Art, Natural Science and History, and the Carnegie Library) sit on an entire city block, lined with sculptures of winged sirens, dinosaurs and literary legends.  Complimented by the lush Oakland landscape, right on the backdrop of the University of Pittsburgh and Carnegie Mellon University, the locale delivers wonderful exhibitions across most mediums and provide a wonderful cultural and learning experience.   I recently visited the museum to see "Horse," an exhibition in the history museum, depicting how this working animal has influenced human culture.  A VERY interesting and educational exhibit.  With one of the largest dinosaur collections in the world, you could literally spend an entire day in the History museum alone.   Over at the Art Museum (which joins through one hallway) The Scaiffe Galleries house works of Rodin, Monet, Klimt, Hopper and many others.  There's something there for everyone - paintings, etchings and sculpture.  And, don't miss the Hall of Art and Architecture.  This enourmous room houses casts of early Greek and Roman buildings, as well as church and mission facades' which cannot be matched.  If you're in town for the Carnegie International, you're extra lucky.  As one of the largest annual art shows, the museum hand picks pieces from around the world, showcasing leading contemporary artists.  A must see.  There is a cafe inside the museum, as well as a couple of gift shops. There are also several restaurants on Craig Street, adjacent to the museum.  There is paid parking next door to the Art museum.  Metered street parking is also available.  The museum is largely funded through the Carnegie Foundation, and has a huge donor program.  Annual memberships offer great benefits.
When I moved from San Diego to Pittsburgh, I thought I had given up pho for good.  I tried it once at Lulu's but was almost offended that they tried to pass their soup off as pho.Then I tried Tram's, a little hole in the wall place on Penn.  Their generously portioned pho was unbelievably tasty, and though I had stopped eating huge portions of food, there was no way I was going let even an ounce of it go to waste.Now I daydream about the place.
I am a bit hesitant to give up my best kept secret of Taipei South. My husband and I visit pretty regularly for a fast, cheap, and delicious Chinese meal. This time I got the Wonton soup and he got beef and broccoli which comes with fried rice and an egg roll, which he shares with me :). There is plenty of food to share between 2 people. The service is spot on and very quick. I think after we ordered it probably came out in 5 minutes. After all was said and done, our check was less than $9, and we were both very satisfied.
Sometimes I come all the way to Pittsburgh from Akron JUST to visit Eons.  The employees are friendly & knowledgeable.  The clothing is very well organized, separated by era and then by size.  This is one of the only vintage clothing stores I've been to in the country that has a large selection of deadstock items, complete with their original tags.  The dresses I have purchased here are absolutely amazing, many of them never worn.  I will continue to visit on my quarterly P-burgh visits!
Bridgett's Last Laugh is what it is - and it is great.It's a dive bar that has awesome trivia on Wednesdays and Thursdays, surprisingly good food (get the pulled pork tacos) and great drink specials.Want to go somewhere in your sweatpants, drink a few beers, eat a few wings, and chill out - go here.Also - Breakfast is served all day long.  Nothing like french toast and a 32 oz beer.
The food is bomb. Atomic style. Ok, it's not spicy at all, but it is freaking delicious.I had one hell of a goose chase trying to find some chinese food on this weeknight. It's past 9PM on a Monday, and I can't find anything decent. It's Scottsdale, so my only choices are: Panda Express in Mesa, Jimmy Woo's (no thanks, eww), or go hungry. I settled, and drove to KFC thinking that if I was going to settle for something other than Chinese, I could get a double down, and try and go all suicidal. Then KFC let me down by forcing me to wait 10 minutes because all their filets were frozen. Eff that noise. I drove around aimlessly and somehow stumbled upon Pita House. It was like a sight for sore eyes.I've lived in Scottsdale for just over a year. I've been out and about in the area quite a bit, but for some reason I've never actually been to the Pita House. Probably because it does look a little weird. I guess I shouldn't judge a book by it's cover, because this place was awesome.Tonight, I ordered the Chicken Shawarma with an extra chicken skewer. It came with a side salad. I was pleasantly surprised to find a very thick garlic sauce (very similar to the one at Zankou Chicken in LA, see my review). Amazing. So garlicky, citrusy, and perfect.The chicken was moist and juicy. The kind that makes you want to put your mouth all up in it. Mmm hmm. Yeah. It's very nice.My meal was about 10 bucks. I devoured everything set in front of me. If you are into Hookah, they have hookah specials from 4-9, and also, some sort of lunch special for Gyros.If I wasn't moving away, I'd be here more often.Next time I am in Scottsdale, I will eat here, and grab some Falafel. Seems like people like it.Lastly, the staff seems very nice. The guy who helped me (I think he was the owner) was super cool and friendly.

Went this this morning and I am wondering why the hell it tool me so long to go here. Awesome food, fresh and the staff was even better. Won't eat anywhere else for breakfast in the burg! Gotta get here
My daughter has been attending North Valley gymnastics girls program for years and loves it. It has been the best thing for her. The coaches are all skilled, knowledgeable and bring lots of experience. They have continued to positively encourage her and instill confidence she has lacked before. Can't say enough good things about this gym. They have become our family!
I've started a sort of tradition where every time I want something sweet i go to Crepes Parisiennes, however I've always gone to the one off Walnut street, which I've rated four stars for it's great crepes, awesome ambiance, and great teas.  However, this location has excellent crepes, standard ambiance, and great teas.  The chef here makes a better crepe. Whether the air is drier or her grill is hotter, I'm not sure, but her crepes are crisp on the outside and not overcooked on the inside.  Not that the over location doesn't have the same qualities, but these were better. I get a butter and sugar crepe almost every time I go and when done right, which it almost always is, I go sleep dreaming about it.I'd also like to take a moment and say for the sake of both locations that I appreciate their commitment to rules and standards. There's a sign on the door that says "place your order before taking a seat."  I go quite frequently and it is still quite rare that I do not see someone attempt to break this rule and take a seat from someone in line. I appreciate the chefs, who I presume are the owners, diligence when it comes to removing these people from the seats they would have taken from people who follow the rules of a fairly standard polite society. Yes, sometimes those people get angry and leave in disgust that anyone would touch their things or ask them to be civil; but, I am here to confirm the suspicion that the people who frequent your restaurant appreciate your actions and return because of it. So thanks.Oh, and CASH ONLY.
I want to give a shout out to Sam who works filling up balloons. She is an amazing and dedicated employee. I came in on Monday to get three balloons made for a photo shoot and she went above and beyond to help me create the look I was trying to achieve. Sam seriously spent a solid 30 minutes with me and was so kind. I greatly appreciated this excellent customer service.
My all-time favourite hang out spot! The staff are all friendly and personable, the atmosphere is a delight and the place is lovely! Not mention the quality product and the great big couches! Hands down the best hookah lounge in the valley. You won't find that holier-than-thou attitude I've gotten from staff at most of the other places around.They also offer live music several times a month and host group events. Make sure to come in early to avoid cover charges or a full lounge!
I've been getting my haircut here once a month for the past 10 months. I'm very happy. Prior to coming here I went to salon Cielo in the mall and occasionally would go to barbershops depending on what style I was going for. I love the atmosphere in there and the staff is super friendly. Megan is the stylist that I regularly go to. I definitely recommend her for haircuts, she's great. I thought that I'd have a hard time finding a great stylist and a great place to get haircuts, but that's just not the case. A+
I am probably the biggest fan of Panera. I have had lunch here many times and every time we are met with a smile and how can we help you.If you come in to study, meet a friend, or just a quick bite to eat, this is certainly the place to be.I do want to highly recommend the mac & cheese, this will certainly become your biggest addiction! It is AMAZING...and I am a brewed iced tea snob and the regular brewed iced tea is always great.
This is the best restaurant in C-U.  We ordered the Parmesan fries, mushroomgruyere crostinis, potato gnocchi and crablobster crab cake tapas to share.  Everything was spot on delicious!  To drink we had a dirty martini (best I've ever had) and the French Horn.  The French Horn was good but a little sour for my tastes.  The atmosphere is very quaint.  I am very excited to try their brunch menu sometime.  I thought it was very reasonably priced for everything we had.  I'd highly recommend Cafe Luna to anybody!
Came here while on vacation over New Years. The food was delicious. Tons of vegetarian options. Yam soup, lentil stuffed chillies, plantains and black bean dip. A week later and I'm still salivating over the lentil stuffed pepper. The covered outdoor patio with a fireplace adds a nice ambiance.
Excellent all around, not a bad thing on the menu.   Chicken skins were fresh and hot,  Sisig was great, the vinegar sauce is great over the rice.  I could drink the sauce all day.  Shrimp tempura,  crispy light, not Greasy at all. Take a trip to the northwest and you will not be disappointed.  IN MY Justin Wilson voice"i guarantee
I've come here for as long as I can remember. This restaurant will most likely be my favorite for years to come. The service is good and the food is always pleasingAnd you'll never run out of water!
I live in Boston, Ma,but my boyfriend lives in Pittsburgh and I was in need of flowers for a funeral service.  Considering I know nothing about what is top rated in Pitt, I looked to the web to try and find a good florist.  I saw Blumengarten and glad I decided to use their services!  The gentleman on the phone was so wonderful.  I explained that I needed flowers delivered to the funeral home in a few days.. I told him the two flowers that were her favorite and said that they needed to be used, but to do what ever else he thought would make the flowers beautiful.  I gave him the amount I wanted to spend and left it all up to him.  Absolutely wonderful customer service!   The day of the service I got a text from my boyfriend saying my flowers were stunning and and the most beautiful ones there!  Was so happy I chose Jim Ludwig's Blumengarten Florist and will continue to use them!!!  On a separate occasion, I also ordered some flowers online and had them sent to my boyfriends work as a surprise.  Again, absolutely beautiful, cheery flowers!!!!  I got a picture of them sent to me and couldn't have been more happy with what was delivered.
This is probably the best place to take your parentsfamily out for Sunday brunch, especially if your family is full of food snobs who don't believe small college towns have anything worth eating. C-U does a good job of disproving this (and at times, an amazingly disgusting job of proving it correct) but Radio Maria is my number one choice.Their brunch menu features typical brunchbreakfast items; omelettes (lots of options for fillings), other egg creations, sandwiches, etc. My mom is a big fan of their crab cakes, and I believe my dad always gets a sandwich of some kind. I always get an omelette, which I always enjoy. Everything (nearly) comes served with their "beer bread" which seems to be some kind of beercorn bread thing that's fantastic. They sell it separately in loaves, last time we were there my parents bought one to take home.The service can be a bit iffy, last time we went our waiter seemed to have forgotten about us as people who were seated later got their food way before we did. But eventually our food came, and he was very apologetic. I don't think this is indicative of their service typically, but from what others have said it may be. Overall though, Radio Maria is not to be missed.
This is the store where your business can sign up for discounts, this I have always known. But the last time I was there they asked after I said we did not have the discount if I was a veteran. Wow discounts count whodathunk, cool . Peanut Brittle anyone
We watched the line start forming for Food Glorious Food around 9:30am while eating brunch next door.  They open their doors at 10am, so this was a good indication of what great things were inside.Apparently they stay open until they are sold out.  By 11:30 when we finally got inside, there was still plenty of delicious things left!My husband and I split a slice of key lime pie (one of his all time favorites.)  And he said he hadn't one so good since Miami.  Our friends, who had been many times before, bought a ricotta pie and a multi-layered  nutchocolate cake - also both divine.I can't wait to go back!
I highly recommend this hike to anyone in the Phoenix, AZ area. My bf and his parents all joined me on this hike. We had beautiful views of the Superstition Mountains. There were cactus plants everywhere. We decided to start the hike a little later, so we can watch the sunset. The sunset definitely had a great contrast with the mountains.
Louisianne's has seared it's place inside of my restaurant experience. The food is so good, that every time my girlfriend and I consider going to any other restuarant, we would have to consider the huge opportunity cost of not going to Louisianne's.The place is dungeon-esque, but not in a bad way. It's dimly lit, underground, but often times has a pianist setting the New Orleans mood.The food is incredible. Every time we go there we try to get something different, and we're floored by how good the meals are, and how much of it you get. The appetizers were delicious (we've had the platter for two, and the pulled pork crepes), the soup we've had with our entrees were amazing each time, with an intense flavor.Their specials change every time we've been there, and if they don't interest you, their regular menu is always exceptional. We've had the roasted shrimp, the tasso and shrimp fettucine, the maple-cured duck, the steak, the seafood au gratin, and each time not only did we get one delicious meal, but enough to have an amazing lunch the next day.The only con I can give Louisianne's is that they give you so much good food that you can never get to the desserts. This restaurant is the one that my girlfriend and I benchmark all other restaurants by, and before we go out to eat anywhere else, we have to strongly consider the consequences of NOT going to Louisianne's.
My favorite poutine place in Montreal!* Open 24 hours* Large list of different toppings for poutine* Fresh curds* Gravy that is not too acidic, salty, or runnyMy typical order is the two hot dogs (toasted all dressed) with a side of original poutine!
I really enjoyed this place tonight. We had a lot of beer, and all of it was new (and, even better, local) for me. The beer selection is pretty impressive, and I really enjoyed finding stuff I've never had before, especially since I had had 550+ different beers before arriving here. In terms of food, it was also good, but not as good as the beer. We started with the crispy cheese and the cream of mushroom soup, and both were divine. Don't neglect the semi-decorative salad that comes with the crispy cheese, because it is super tasty. The tomatoes were a little hard, but otherwise the whole thing was delicious. For entrees, we got the bison flank steak and the caribou chili. While both were good, we were both a little disappointed with the decision to heavily spice the meat. With good (expensive), interesting meat, it's a shame to drown it in spices. I would not have been able to tell you the chili was caribou; I probably could have managed that it was not beef, but no more than that. I guess in chili that's understandable. But the bison... It says on the menu that it's heavy on the spice and I ordered it anyways. I'm still puzzled as to why you would want to disguise any meat, and especially something that's a little unusual. Anyways... If you're not a francophone, don't worry about the food; the menu has English at the bottom of each French listing. The beer list, on the other hand, is all French.
I have reviewed this restaurant on urbanspoon & only recently joined yelp. I was surprised to see some negatives. I am a fan of their Dim Sum. Their Thai tea is authentic--though as is the nature of this tea, it is rich in cream and is sweet. I love their noodle soups and their Roti Telur is one of my favorites. I can't say I have eaten at any other Malaysian restaurant, but I have enjoyed every meal at this restaurant.
I like Big Wong and I cannot lie. This strangely named restaurant just opened today. If you happen to catch this review soon enough, you can drop in and get a free entree with the purchase of a $1 soda or bottled water. It's for dine-in only and is valid through May 18.I stopped by for lunch and ordered the Authentic Curry Chicken Over Rice. This dish normally costs $4.95 but was free with my $1 can of ginger ale. So how was it It was actually very good. For $4.95, it's a great deal. For free, it's a steal!Everything on their menu is $4.95 with one item coming in at $3.95. You'd think that you were looking at the lunch menu, but no my friends. This is their regular menu. If this place was open after midnight, it would be the new unquestioned late night king.I'm inclined to give this place four stars based on the one dish I've tried so far, and the extremely fast and friendly service. Add in the fact that everything is under $5 - oh and that's tax included - and I'm glad to bump that up to a fiver.
Taiwan Cafe is the best place you can eat in Oakland.  Maybe even all of Pittsburgh. Everything I have ever ordered from here was good.  Their sushi is delicious, fresh, AND inexpensive.  Although it lookssmells dicey on the way downoutside, you're in for a treat.  Choy is the friendliest worker you have ever met.   He will always remember you and your order.  It's a great touch.  Tcafe is a Pittsburgh staple. Go, eat, and enjoy. And then buy a six pack.
Have been  eating at Max's for 20 years.  One of the restaurants I misss the most now that I'm out of the 'Burgh.  Visit often and always stop by.  Great food and great Beer....not a bad combo.  I have dreams at night about there wurst platter and spatzele with cheese....definately a don't miss attraction
Absolute best price for quality sushi, and well worth the quick drive from Rock Hill. Tony is a fantastic sushi chef, and an extremely nice guy, to boot. He is definitely the reason my wife and I come back so often, but the variety and quality of the buffet is great, too.
Occult bookstores run tha gamut from dark, dusty and creepy, to bright, airy and pleasant. Moonstones is definitely one of the latter. If one was only looking for books, I'd say the store was disorganized, but only because there are small clusters of books to be found all over the store. The extensive collection of birthstone jewelry is amazing, even for one NOT interested in mystical themes. The incense and candles were very neat and orderly, unlike many stores I've been to, not just the occult-type. There was a fairly decent collection of crystals and other esoteric supplies.I have made many excuses for why I haven't taken the trip out to Moonstones before, but never again. I absolutely LOVE this store and can't wait to have reason to go there again.
I'm surprised at the bad reviews. I have eaten at the Camelback location twice and the Mill location about five times. Every time it is great. The bread is so good! Soft, tasty, etc. The meat is so flavorful and juicy! Every time it is good! I always get the original. I have eaten at Forefathers once, and I prefer Corleone's! Much more flavorful! My Sister disagrees, but my Husband agrees. I recommend Corleone's! It is the best Philly I have had! Oh, I almost forgot, the service! The service is amazing at Camelback, free extra cheese, etc.  The manager there is so friendly! The service at Mill has been hit and miss.I gave five stars because it is the best I have had, but I have never been to the city to have the real thing, so I can not compare.
This is a great crew! I had them come out this morning to remove some bushes and tidy up the yard. They were fast, courteous, and completed high quality work. They are also affordable. I will definitely use them in the future!
Great books, great cause. Love picking up books for my toddler.
This deli may seem out of place as it is set in a corner lot dominated by a Food City and other Hispanic oriented businesses.  Those who went to the old Chompie's in the same shopping center might even have missed it.Have been getting lunch here for quite a few years now.  It is a real Old World family run deli.  The meats in here are wonderful.  I think a Polish family owns the place.The have a list of sandwiches that are all HUGE, super tasty and very affordable ( with tax around $7). Skip those chain subway shops and get a real sandwich here!As mentioned by Daren, this place might take cash only.  I think they do take debit cards, but you have to order a certain $ min....be safe and take cash.  This place gets busy at lunchtime and there are about 3 tables in here.  Better to take you grub to a less crowded spot to savor it in peace...Warning: You will go for lunch and want to buy about 10 lbs. of deli meat!
I love BOP... Mostly for the food. I love eating here - it's slightly better than bar food and totally delicious... I've only felt ill after eating here a few times, but I can't necessarily blame the food for sure. I eat here regularly. Easily the best pub food around.They took out one of the pool tables and gave it a recent coat of paint. It looks nice in there, but it won't really impress your friends. The bench seat cushions are blown out and some things about this place are starting to show signs of age. There are always a lot of regulars there, but they won't bite. They are always friendly and like to strike up random conversations with strangers - the staff is super nice as well. The crowd there has filled the digital downloading jukebox with good tunes so there's a good selection of inexpensive songs and there's typically something either really good or really odd playing.. There is usually sports (soccer) or news or adult swim on the televisions, but they'll probably put it to whatever you like. It's a really low-key bar. Don't go here if you want to impress someone with your new $200 designer shirt. I think if this place starts getting packed with a shit crowd, it won't be as worth going.It's not the most british joint in the valley and the drinks aren't super cheap, but it's so inviting when you don't feel like dealing with the cramped space of TT Roadhouse or you want some grub. Plus, they carry Diet 7-up - nobody else really does that. Just don't tell anyone else they have it because that's what I drink when I go there.
If you are in the Phoenix downtown convention area and you are Catholic, you owe it to yourself to visit this Catholic Church. It is a church like no other. Its beauty is breath taking from the outside and when you step into this holy cathedral, you get a sense of belonging and feel the spirit overcome your body. It is a sacred place and an experience like no other.
We ate here after church on Sunday last week as a large group.  The food was fast and good, except for the one who order a hamburger thought it was over cooked.  The service was great and pleasant.
I like the fact that the karate classes are structured so that they cater to beginners as well as to kids with advanced belts. Some of the belt requirements are even posted on the group's website! I also am impressed with YCOA's emphasis on self-defense in case kids get approached by strangers who wish to do them harm.
Do not ever let me go to this place again otherwise you may have to roll me out the door like a barrel!My Achilles Heel is coffee, cake...... and bread. I love me a good bread. I did however manage to have some self control and not buy a dozen loaves to take home! What a brilliant place this is! This displays of bread and treats (that I know I really shouldn't have) literally are breath-taking. There is so much choice!! Something for every taste! I ordered a piece of the parsnip cake, thinking it will be along the lines of carrot cake, a personal fave, and an americano. Although after ordering saw the cinnamon buns and coffee and sour cream loaf. Aaaarrggghhh, too many things, and I wanted them all!!!Oh boy. That cake was delicious..... with a nice orange cream cheese topping. It was quite a large slab aswell, I nibbled at it for quite a while. Coffee was really really good. So good in fact that I had two! Lovely lovely. I cannot believe it has taken me so long to go here, it is right next to my university building! The lunch menu sounded lovely, there isn't a massive selection but I don't think it matters, the bread and cake are the stars of the show here!
I have been going to Palestra to see Sharon for a long time. The spa is extremely relaxing and welcoming. Sharon always does a excellent job. I always look forward to my next appointment. I  look and feel wonderful every time I leave. They are the best.
Rutabaga, What is itIt's the ultimate personal powered watercraft store I've ever seen.  Gear, boats of all shapes, styles, sizes and pricepoints, clothing, even racks to put them on your vehicle!  They might even carry bicycle racks.  A word about racks:  There are A LOT of fitment issues with racks.  No salesperson can know all details about all vehicle fitments and your personal quirks.  Their information on many vehicles has to be based on product fitment catalogs, the same catalogs that you as a consumer have access to online.  Inform yourself and don't expect a kayakcanoe store salesperson to know all the in's and out's of your particular vehicle and how it works with a bike rack.  How's the Thule fit my 79   Will it squeek  Derp.I recieved total personal attention when I chose to buy a kayak.  I tried out no less than 8 boats to find one that fit me, my paddling goals and my price range.  I purchased a boat, paddle, PFD, and a rack system.  I was personally helped by various individuals to help me decide on all of these items.  I was helped to install my rack for the first time and shown how to safely tie off my kayak.These folks WANT you to come back and thier service shows that.  If it floats  I'm buying it at Rutabaga. They earned my respect and my patronage.Paddle on!
I love this place. Gyros, spinach pie, fries and hummus. Way better than any other gyro place in Pittsburgh.
This is a great shop for costumes, with staff that takes costuming seriously and goes above and beyond to get it right.  We needed 'American Idol' judges costumes and the costume designer brought out magazine pictures of the judges and a large selection of choices and accessories to get everything just right. Very impressed!
You can't go wrong with Cafe Gelato.  Fabulous flavors to taste, and then mouth watering perfection in a cone all for you.  It's not cheap (for gelato), but they're not skimpy.  Good luck in finishing it, but it's worth a try.Perfect for those hot days after shopping.  Sit in the Cafe itself or in one of the nearby comfy sofas in the main hallway.
I love the Frick Mansion tour. I see why Helen Frick was so determined to preserve it. Although half of me is insanely envious of the lavish and exclusive lifestyle, I am grateful they preserved it so that I could have the privilege to walk through such Victorian art, value, and elegance. I am becoming a bit of a SWPA gilded age history nerd and will always be fascinated hearing their story no matter how many times because I WILL keep going back. My most recent visit was in early December and it was very nice. I didn't know this but they change the theme of the tour during the holiday season. The original tour is my favorite, but was nice having known the  background with a surprise addition learning the Frick family's holiday traditions. If it was not a national holiday, I would certainly be game for a Frick Mansion tour today.
Ramen..aka soul food Japanese style! After seeing it popup on the Yelp radar and reading some of the rave reviews from Tetsuro P. & Ursula U (who told me to get my butt over here)..Well I just had to see for myself.  I have to say this ramen house is on the path to being the cream of the crop! Now I know that 101 ways to make ramen doesn't qualify me as the noodle connoisseur, but compared to others noodle houses I've tried, hands down, Fukumimi rocks!  Location: End corner of strip mall on EasternTropicana ..plenty of parking spaces. A big plus for those of us whose home base is here in Henderson.   ServiceAtmosphere - A - The restaurant staff enthusiastically greeted us in Japanese as we stepped inside.  It was almost a full house when we arrived during the dinner hour, but we were seated right away. The hostess also did double duty as our server.  Friendly and pretty efficient considering how busy the place was. The small dining area was simple interior, single seating at the high top top counter facing the kitchen and tables of two lined back against the wall set close together. So close that nosy me got to see and question the party next to me on what dish she ordered that looked so good, which was the Fukumimi ramen. Food:  A+  - Prices: fair most under $10We ordered the Fukumimi Ramen, Karaage & Curryrice bowl. Both Karaage & Curry bowl were very good, for the low price hard not to pass up either.The Fukumimi - THE BEST!! This order is pretty large portion. The bowl width is average size, but deep in depth. It looked like a gourmet bowl of ramen, a pretty visual presentation. Seaweed lined half of the bowl filled with hot and steamy broth.  The tonkotsu (pork) broth ; perfect! It was packed with flavor, had a brown milky color, rich and creamy.  The thin noodles were delish and cooked to the right texture. Toppings: slices pork belly, tender, 12 of soft boiled egg, sprouts added some crunch and the scallions boosted the flavor even more. I want to say it's garlic infused oil, black in color that was drizzled on top as well.  This was such a delicious hearty meal.This place is most definatley yummy for your tummy!
Just walked in for a tapas sampler and a drink. Sampler was exquisite ! Tuna tartar, wild boat pate and a crackling sweetbread roll. Make sure you stop by!
Went for lunch and got the mini-meal... Loved it!  Just enough food and tasty too!  Love the BBQ chicken!!!
Great experience! We had a string quartet for our wedding (Steve Ehrlich strings) and they did a very nice job, were subtle but present and definitely knew what they were doing. Contact and communication before the wedding was very good too. Definitely recommended - and our guests really liked the live music!
Our favorite dining place to go as a family.  Nakato's is our go to restaurant.  We love the food and hot sake!  Staff is friendly.  Though we love all of the chefs we are partial to (Carlos and Alan).  David the manager is very friendly too.
Was visiting Pittsburgh & stopped in here for a drink and sushi after Gay Pride Concert, and I was beyond impressed!Not only with the fresh sushi and kick ass cocktails but the staff was stellar!Very attentive and even got my sushi order in after the sushi bar was just about to shut down for the evening.OMG, the manager; Shiah Richardson (she impressed me so much that I made it a point to grab her card so I would remember her name specifically for this review) was beyond accommodating!  She greeted us at the door, made a few suggestions from the menu & when asked about sushi (as I noticed the sushi chef preparing to break the bar down) She assured us that it wasn't too late to get a sushi order in.I haven't seen a manager and a staff work as a "team" in years!Talk about TEAMWORK!Any manager that is that zealous and dedicated to their job definitely deserves a raise!Next time I visit Pittsburgh this will definitely be on my places to dine AGAIN AND AGAIN!My only regret is that we arrived earlier in the day so we could EAT MORE SUSHI and try more of their signature drinks.Thanks Original Fish Market!
I am from out of town, and I have to say this place brings a lot of flavor and awesome hospitality. I love the creativity the chef's put into their  food for us to enjoy. This is definitely a good place for a romantic date or catching up with friends.
Love it! Last time I was there I walked right back out! Not this time took two friends and we were in there for 2hours they got some Cute, sexy outfits and John was nice enough to put up a dress for me. Anything you want and they don't have just ASK and you might recieve.... Cause I sure did ;)
Awesome awesome food. Probably the best gyro meat I have tried in the valley, and the firefighter pita will surely satisfy spice-o-philes such as myself...mmm. Chicken gyros are just as delicious. My coworkers and I eat here at least once a week. Keep it up!
The greatest.  I have friends on the West side who make me bring them Chocofin occasionally.  Friendly, fantastic treats- highly recommended!
just looking at the catagory that INFINITY'S END is placed on makes me think the owner was on a good supply of "tobacco" when this was put up. (i know the owner didn't create the yelp page. but u get the point)I come her all the time for little things.... Ahhhemm!!!good incense, (10 =1.00)... i always spend at least 4-5 bucks on them alone. Nothing like a good smelling scent to set the mood after a long day.. RIGHT  righttttt!!!!!!They DO HAVE "sketchy" looking employess but hey.. what do they suppose to look like considering. Always ready to help and answer questions. the T-Shirts are a-lot-a-bit on the HIGH side for my liking. (80's Tees . com is my fav for vintage shirts of alllll kind... THANK ME LATER IF U CHECK THEM OUT... and show me some love..lol)posters, signs, pipes (wind blown) etc are there to gaze at. On 420 they have live Wind Blowing shows and the store is 20-50 percent off. Check em out.... I come to this location more often. The sale skateboards and all that good stuff too..Go Hemp!! (funny.. 50 yrs ago.. That would be the norm of a statement)
I would go as often as possible! The staff is friendly, the food is delicious and reasonably priced, mango lassi excellent, and the atmosphere is great. Every time I've been there's been enjoyable Indian music in the background and just the right amount of crowd to say this place is worth spending some time with friends. There have been occasional mix ups with the order but everyone is human afterall.Oh! If you want separate bills- ask when you order. It's much smoother that way.

Great place! We went here at about 7PM on a Friday night. Seating was very quick, we asked for outdoor seating and it was promptly given to us. Candlelit table and live music playing nearby (though it isnt every night) was nice, but a bit loud, so you may want to sit inside if that's a problem.Our waiter was very friendly and explained things to us nicely. We had multiple people coming around filling our tea and water which made things fast. The rolls were fresh out of the oven. The dinner was great, I had a filet mignon with mashed potatoes. Definitely some of the best steak I've had in a while, presented very well, portion size is not huge but enough to fill one up. Prices range from about $13 to $18 for dinner.Our only gripe was that we had wanted sweet tea but it was unavailable. I forgot to ask whether they had just run out or if they don't have any at all. I really don't think its the latter, but either way, I was still disappointed by this.Overall though, a great place for a delicious Spanish meal in a very nice setting with lots of activity.
Delicious! A bit spendy, but a worthwhile treat! I'll be back again, I want to try them all. Pastry layered to perfection.
Maggie and John are the best. The soups,  sandwiches and service are great and honestly, for the size of the store, they have just what you need if you run short of something and just want to pop out for a minute.  If you don't know what to make for Thursday dinner, they have that covered with home made dinners, just let them know Wednesday and then pick it up Thursday before close.  In the warm months they fire up the grill and you can get barbeque chicken or ribs for lunch. If you're new to Point Breeze, this is the place you need to go to know what's going on. If you want to help out with community events, this is the place to go to sign up to volunteer.
Bill is fantastic!!  I live in N. Dak and was able to do my classroom and pool work here, but flew to Vegas to finish by open water (mid Dec 2013).  Lake Mead was beautiful, very cold-water appx 54 degrees.  No one else was signed up during the week I was in town, so I was able to get one on one certification from Bill.  Wow, Bill has had an amazing life with lots of experience and is amazing to learn from.  Eric was in the shop and super nice as well.  Scuba Views is in N. Las Vegas and about 40 mins from Lake Mead.  Bill drives you out there, has all the equipment you need and brings you back.  I started early one day and Bill even stopped at Starbucks on the way out...Thank you!!!  Their shop has everything you would need to buy, Eric is a certified equipment technician and they can definitely take care of all your scuba needs.  I wish the best of luck to them and future success!!!  Thank you for certifying me for my honeymoon to the Dominican Republic.
Great polish restaurant in Montreal. The food is amazing. We chose virtually everything on the menu and it was great. Incredibly tasty!! The service was great too, the waiters and waitresses were very polite and sweet. They also have a piano player with excellent music to set the mood for a relaxing dinner.Will return next time I'm in Montreal.
The food is GREAT! The owner lady is super sweet and welcoming !!  I would give this place 5 stars on food quality and a 4 on service , because it's kind of slow (the chef also is the server , so, makes it extra slow) !!! Once you eat though, you don't even care about the fact that the service is so slow haha !!! Check it out!!!!
Excellent doesn't begin to describe this place! The owner is so friendly and helpful, very personable and enthusiastic about the cuisine of Reunion. Pluses -BYOB - save the money on alcoholMenu can be spicy, can be mild and other areas of the map I didn't know existedReasonably pricedI took his suggestion and ordered the octopus - cooked perfectly, very tender in the sauce, rice was cooked nicely. The accompanying the sauces were an nice to play with and combine flavors.Highly recommended!
Love these little gems....it's my first stop for indulgence once I land in Sin City for a weekend of vices! LOL! The dark chocolate is much better than the milk and there are some filled with the most luscious liqueurs. I bring these as souvenirs to my nieces and nephews all the time. Not sure why I'm never asked to babysit anymore. Anywho, get chocolates and get drunk ---- need I say more!
Probably one of my favorite places in Madison, definitely THE PLACE for Middle Eastern  Mediterranean food. Decent prices, great beers, and everything I've ever had there is fantastic. I've had dreams about the cucumber sauce. I always get the chicken shish kebab because it's grilled just divine. We go at least once a week.
I have only occasionally bought groceries here, but oh my god, the taco stand outside is AMAZING. Yeah, the guy doesn't wear gloves and he handles money and food with the same glove-less hands, but frankly, who cares I haven't been adventurous enough to try the lengua, but I really enjoy the chicken, mostly because it doesn't compete with the awesome flavors of the seasoning (never underestimate the power of salt, pepper, and lime juice) and the cilantro and the salsa and the cheese and ahhhhh;lsiuoietkhdfkljhdlkfhlk. I am starving just thinking about it. Go. You won't regret it.
This place is Awesome! Great food, cheap drinks, and a fun crowd. If you want to see where the locals go.... This is it
Best restaurant in Waterloo! I've been in Waterloo for 4 years and have never been till now. They have really good fusion dishes as well as special entrees such as deer and ahi tuna. I would definitely recommend this place to anybody. PS. The menu might make the food seem very cultural but its actually light so its easy to adapt.
I have personally never taken a class at Bricks dance studio but I know the ownership and staff at the studio and they are amazing people. Bricks is conveniently located and I know you or your children will not be disappointed.
The donuts are amazing and super-fattening of course, but then I guess you shouldn't be eating donuts if you are concerned with your weight.I agree it is by far the best gyros in town, I am originally from Chicago and am used to the quality of gyros found all over Chicagoland, this is cut the same, same thickness, same style, the flavor is similar, but has it's own thing going on. Either way, that Parthenon in Madison is crap, people rave about it, what a joke, they have no clue what good gyros is, take a road trip and go eat at Hubs in Chicago, then you will know finally what great gyros is. In the meantime, if you are stuck in Madison, this is by far the best you will find, don't waste your money and calories elsewhere.Falafel is good, has it's own unique recipe, works for me.Tan Tan Chicken is very good too, highly spiced, which I like, although not spicy as far as heat is concerned. Comes with an awesome garlic dip, which I've only found in Los Angeles at Zankou Chicken, which by the way is the most incredible middle-eastern chicken ever. They even made a "Curb Your Enthusiasm" episode about it in 2011. If you get out to LA ever, you must go to Zankou and get the Chicken Tarna with the garlic dip, the hummus is also the best ever. Almost enough to make me want to move back to LA. In fact...Anyway, People's Bakery is truly a gem in Madison, amongst all the questionable eateries, which some say are great, others say bad, this one is clearly a huge winner. And it is a real Mom & Pop, literally they made all the food for me, super friendly, down to Earth, real people who deserve to have your business. Go there now!P.S. I also liked a bunch of other stuff there, the hummus, side dishes, veggie mezza, etc. Probably can't go wrong with anything there.
With the rapid growth of a large city like ours comes environmental issues such as the threat of destruction of natural habitats. But close to downtown, on Central Avenue near the Rio Salado (Salt River) you will find an important resource for better appreciating our Sonoran desert environment and  the importance of conservation of species diversity.  The Nina Mason Pulliam Rio Salado Audubon Center is a state-of-the-art, environmentally-friendly complex adjacent to Phoenix's 600-acre Rio Salado Habitat Restoration Area, an environmental restoration that stretches along several miles of the Salt River. The Center gives visitors of all ages a chance to experience this natural habitat and interact with Sonoran Desert wildlife, in an area close to downtown Phoenix. You'll find interactive displays, varied programs, nature trails, a wetland area, and a chance to see firsthand some conservation measures in effect:  an ecologically engineered treatment and wastewater reclamation system that processes the Center's wastewater for irrigation use, and an array of solar panels that provide some of the Center's electrical energy.
Romantic atmosphere.  Great service.  Excellent cajun ribeye steak.
The place is self explanatory. Getting around in  there wast hard at all. The food of course was expensive but it was worth it cause it was good,
Now with two new bee hives along the rail line as of July 2012 managed by burgh bees of Pittsburgh
Got my first tattoo here in 1993 and my second a couple weeks later. All these Years later they still look great. Haven't faded much and haven'tHad em touched up. The shop is Professional and clean, I highly Recommend. Excellent quality work.
Such a fun place to give your house that "look!"  Your friends will be asking "where did you get that!!"The small import business Daniel and Dominique Boone began in their garage in June of 1992 has grown into one of the country's largest warehouses of polished metalware projects direct to the public. Frames, candlesticks, serving trays, bowls, wine buckets, mirrors, and crosses, are only some of the hundreds of items that fill the warehouse. Named after their daughter, Holland, Holland Boone Home is not just known for metalware anymore. The thirteen thousand square foot show room also houses gorgeous one-of-a-kind furniture, Italian pottery, wall hangings and clocks, Mexican glass, seasonal decorations, and much, much more. Add style and color to any room in your house. With new shipments arriving weekly, there are always interesting new pieces to discover at Holland Boone Home.
Wonderful place! Me and my family drive an hour away just to come to Madison to get our crave. The staff is VERY nice, my daughter got sick there once from a headache & instead of freaking out & being disgusted out waiter was very helpful getting us water & towels & checked on us the whole time. Love this place!
My sister, friend and I came to Pittsburgh from Philadelphia for the weekend a couple weeks ago. The first night we ate at Seviche. The food was prepared perfectly and the flavors were beyond reproach. The service was impeccable and the management and staff were very polite and helpful at all times. The price for the quality of food and the service was more than reasonable. The rest of the weekend our dining experiences at every other restaurant were major disappointments. We will definitely come back to Pittsburgh and eat here again. Unless of course they open another location is Philly and then we will be there almost every night... WELL WORTH GOING!!
Archery Headquarters is great!!!!! Every member of their staff is very knowledgeable and always willing to help you and answer any questions you may have. They have an awesome range Dart range. Their new academy range looks as professional as it gets! If you're looking for a great indoor range with accommodating staff this is the place to go and you always feel welcome. I've been to some other pretty well known indoor ranges in the state and I can honestly say that this place is top notch. Archery headquarters has great prices on all equipment and academy prices compared to others for sure.
Just wow. If you ever come to Charlotte, go to the 4th Ward... its one of the most interesting downtown residential neighborhoods I've ever been in. When you go there, make sure you stop in here for some fantastic people watching and great beers. Seriously, walking here transports you completely away from the hustle and bustle and rowdiness of Tryon.
The food is great. We always order online and take out. They are quick and always have the food ready on time. This particular location is in a nice area. Just be careful getting through the dangerous parking lot. It's crazy!
My review was marked as Spanish...I believe I've now fixed the problem.Figured while I was here, I could update you.I was recently in Montreal and went by Las Palmas.  My last three visits to the city have included stops at Las Palmas.  My empanada craving seems to have a mind of its own these days.I had one at the Toronto Food Truck festival.  It was terrible.  One bite and then I threw it out.  That experience may explain why I had a couple this weekend - I was overcompensating  I ate a couple then took a few to go so I could snack on my way back to Toronto.  I tried Las Palmas for the first time four years ago, which is when my sister took me.  She found the place more than a decade ago.It's still the BEST empanada (and salsa) I've had.
Cheap, great food, family owned, wonderful employees.  The service is always with a smile.  The daily specials are great and they are conveniently located with extended business hours!
I'm usually not a fan of Shanghai food but the food here was delicious, starting with the juicy siu long Bao, to their shanghai style chow mein, to my favorite the slightly sweeten mini Mochi ball withHibiscus flower aromatic sense adding the final touch to my yummy meal.  If you sick of eating the buffets in Vegas and looking for some lighter shanghai food, this place is highly recommended.  The restrooms were very clean and there was excellent customer service, really good meal...
Best Indian food I have had in PHX
My wife and I love this place!  There's great places to explore and the best lake for views.  You can find more secluded spots or big covered picnic areas.  Just love it!  Make sure to get your pass.  You can even get it online before you go.  It's called a Tonto Day Pass and there's different types so buy the right one.
Absolutely the best bakery I've been in ever! The cookies are delicious. The nut rolls. & coffee cakes are heaven. Put on your bucket list to eat an almond torte. It is extremely memorable. I will dream about Minerva's delicacies until I return to visit the Burgh again. Btw - the staff is the best.
Great time and place! Food and drinks were awesome! Our server, Melissa, was friendly and helpful. Happy to have this location open now, we'll be back!
This place is great, but you have to know what you're doing. I recommend going with somebody who's been there before so they can show you the ropes. I'll explain how you're supposed to do it, for the new people:1. Pack the meat! Do not just throw in a few pieces of unpacked meat, the stuff really cooks down. I usually fill the entire bowl of meat and it's pressed down and packed in almost to the top of the bowl. Use the pieces of wax paper they have there so you don't have to touch it with your hands, that's what the wax paper is there for. Also, don't be freaked out by the frozen meat, it tastes just like any other meat once it's cooked. It's like some of these people have never heard of freezing food before.2. Put whatever veggies you want, you can do these in normal sizes and don't have to pack. I usually do mushrooms, bean sprouts, spinach, and cilantro. You should have a mound of food in your bowl by this point.3. Pile those noodles on top. It should look mountainous, like you have 2 bowls worth of food stacked into one bowl by the time you're finished. If you could place another bowl on top upside down and have both bowls filled, you've done it right. Like I said, this stuff really cooks down. When it's cooked, it will be 1 bowl. If you don't like noodles or are on a low carb diet, pile on the veggies as high as you can without them falling out of the bowl.4. Add at least 5 spoonfuls of YC's house sauce, then a few more of other flavors. I usually do 5 YC's, 2 garlic, 2 lemon, 1 sesame, and 2 cooking wine. You really want to get a lot of those sauces in there, as if you don't have them, they will put more water in during the cooking process and wash out flavor. If you're going to try to follow one of their flavor combinations, I recommend adding more ladles of the flavors they list, proportionately. No fewer than ten ladles of sauces.5. Once it's cooked, you top it off with some sesame seeds and some spicy chili oil if you like spicy. Don't go overboard with the chili oil, the stuff is very spicy and will overpower the rest of the flavors and leave you with a scorched mouth and runny nose. About a tablespoon is good. Then add a tiny bit of soy sauce, and you're done. You've created a delicious bowl of food bursting with flavor. I never bother with the soup or rice, they're bland.Takeout boxes cost $0.75, but all in all if you've done it right, you should have enough food for 2 to 3 meals, all for about $11-$12 out the door, unless you're really fat. I usually eat there and get full and still have enough to stuff an entire to-go carton that I snack on throughout the rest of the day. I'm a fan of eating the leftovers cold, but some people probably wouldn't like that.P.S. Don't listen to the reviewers that give negative reviews because of the atmosphere. I've never understood those people. It's not like you're eating in the center of a landfill, it's just a little plain looking. Big whoop. Most of the negative reviews seem to be based on the fact that these people didn't know what they were doing. If you take my advice listed above, you can't go wrong here. Btw, there is 0 quality loss since they changed the name to AJ's from YC's. The only difference is that they added more sauces since it was named YC's, everything else is EXACTLY the same, I'm talking identical. I've been going here for over 10 years.
I cannot say enough good things about this place. This is the greatest place for women's health care and spa treatments and tons of other services.
Loved, loved, loved Cuisine Malaya. In fact, I immediately wanted to rush home and lose my Yelp virginity after eating here! When you first walk in, it looks like your run of the mill Asian style restaurant. Don't let that fool you. There is magic in the food and service! Orchids hang in boxes on the wall, there is a bar to sit at where the sushi chef rolls his art, and pop music plays on the speakers.  Once seated, we were almost immediately welcomed by our server Ian. Ladies and gentlemen, if you can request Ian upon arriving, DO IT! He is Malaysian and gives you a rundown of all of the cultures that contribute to Malay cuisine. This gives you an idea of some of the items that you would like to try. He also brought a sample of curry to gauge our tastes. After the sample, we practically put our faith in his hands and let him suggest whatever. My friend and I decided to go with the beef rendang (which is so good it will make you scream BOOYAH!) and  the basil duck. The basil duck was off the menu. It came with stir-fry style veggies and the duck on the side. Warning! This dish may make you moan like Homer Simpson. The duck is that good. We also tried a few imported beers, thanks to our oh-so-helpful Ian. I would suggest this restaurant to anyone looking for different flavors. I had a really great experience and look forward to more!
My favourite Scottish team is Hibs, and I come here with my friend to a few games a season, and I really love the stadium. Although not the biggest ground, with a capacity of 17,500, it does have a lot character and allows for a good atmosphere when the game gets underway. The Edinburgh derby between Hibs and Hearts especially gets the hairs on your neck stand up as you can feel the importance of the game to everyone watching- with bragging rights awaiting for the victors.Prices are reasonable, but will be more expensive against the big teams of Celtic, Rangers and Hearts. But if you are a student, you can get in for much cheaper than normal adult prices and if you are just wanting to watch a good competitive game of football, it is worth waiting for Hibs to host a Scottish Cup game, where students prices for this fixture would be very affordable.
local treasure. i'm in love with this place. 7 dollar lunch buffet (always a mistake unless you plan on sleeping the rest of your day) and byob. recommended!
Every time go to this place i end up crying . there's sort of vibration of that small space that leaves me breathless .  I feel that in the moment i am entering that door it's like i am entering a timegate  or deporting myself to another era or land (it's sort of Midnight in Paris-the movie) . They played so much violin and piano in this tiny space that i can hear the music even when  they are not playing , it got impregnated in the walls , paintings , tables and even in the food i am eating. The food is great , if u go on a friday or saturday evening , they will serve you a 3 course meal : salad + soup , second plate , dessert . And during your meal they will keep playing music , violin , piano , cimbalom. The space is little and the owner ( professional violinist) wants to get everyone involved to the story, they talk to you ask you if you want them to play anything specific ( i talked about everything from movies to geography with them and then they played some Nino Rota for me, awesome feeling ) . At the end of the night i paid 20$ (tax included)  for everything. Sometimes i wonder how this place succeeds to survive , maybe it's the love of art that makes them go on .Give a big tip please ahaha, we need places like this to continue to exist   Recommended plates : schnitzel, goulash, cabbage rolls *** Don't forget to bring your own wine***
Life's question to people who eat at Souper Salad: Why Why would you punish yourself with a crappy salad bar when you could spoil yourself by eating at Sweet Tomatoes Ohhhhh my gosh! Sweet tomatoes: and endless ocean of comfort foods, all you can eat for a low price. Sounds too good to be true doesn't it I've been eating here since I was a little kid, not at this one specifically but at this chain. It is called Souplantation in California. A huge line of salad goodies (a ton of yummy treats, too many to name), usually 6-8 different soups, potato bar, pasta bar, bread bar, muffindessert bar, fruitjello etc..., and a soft serve bar. Not to mention they have a pretty great beverage selection. It's hard to not overeat here but I never feel guilty since I eat so many veggies while I'm here. Beware if you go at 6, this place gets rocking for dinner. If you're lucky, you'll be there while they walk around with hot chocolate chip cookies. Bottom line. You like choices, you like salad bars Eat here. :-)
I'm going to go ahead and give this little place five stars because although it may seem overpriced for an 'order at the counter' place, the food quality is just as good as what you'd get at regular restaurant, just faster.also, they have an entire menu of gluten-free items, or you can even say I'd like the Chicken Salad Spring Wrap gluten-free, and they know what you're talki ng about. Plus they have wine, and probably beer. AND i like their pad thai noodles and i even like the way they prepare their tofu, as george orwell would say, "double plus good."
Krispy Creme Grocery store cakes  Git ahta tahn.... when it comes to donuts, pastries, and cakes they don't hold a wisk to Lincoln Bakery in Bellevue (or most Western PA bakeries for that matter).  Their cakes hit the top of my list (with Edy's downtown coming in second).  The batter is light and moist while the icing is smooth -- not too sweet - not too 'lardy'.  By all means, feel free to give them a decorating challenge as their peeps got mad skillz.In my experience, Pittsburgh natives don't seem to realize how good their sweet tooths have it here, till they move away.  So, when I travel westward for the holidays I bring some Lincoln Bakery sweets along.I highly recommend their Burnt Almond Torte with either custard or lemon filling for nearly any occasion.  I get these for corporate gatherings often and they always go over well - and you know what they say about trying to please everyone!I'd suggest giving them a few days to a weeks notice as they keep pretty busy.(As a side note: though I rave about their donuts, pastries, and cakes.... for cookies I'd recommend Moi's Italian Bakery in Monroeville).
My boyfriend, a beer-brewing novice, and I stopped in here to pick up some supplies. The salespeople here are incredibly knowledgeable and friendly, and talked us through the whole process, leaving us with contact info and the assurance that we could call any time we needed help along the way. While I can't really speak to the fairness of the prices, I would for sure recommend a stop in here for anyone looking to learn more about the brewing process. They carry supplies for wine brewing as well.
Ok I wanted to update my review after ordering Real food for the first time (love their cookies, LOVE the lemon bars!, cupcakes are good)I ordered a chicken salad sandwich and a cup of the cream of potato soup. Chicken salad was mayonnaise-y and dill-y and overall delicious! It came with lettuce, tomato, pickles and cheese served on a hoagie, which was nice and tender, but a little too much bread for my taste. Next time I'll ask for regular bread. The soup was also very tasty with lots of potatoes.Now if only I'd caved and gotten a lemon bar too.... :)
Excellent food for an affordable price! I would definitely go again for dinner. Healthy foo as well!
Great hookah selection, tasty authentic Lebanese cuisine, full bar, and fantastic service. Imad (server) is always on top of his game and will make sure you are more than satisfied with your experience at Oasis. Come here to end your night out with friends or stop in earlier to relax and get a light buzz, either way you will be glad you chose this place over any other hookah destination.
Yes... Yes.... YESSSSSS!!Lemon chocolate chip... Plain ol' lemon.... the marble bundt.... OH MAN!YESSSSSS!!
I have had several negative experiences trying to find a good salon in the last year. Today I finally found a wonderful salon with an excellent stylist. Emily was very professional and friendly while highlighting and coloring my hair. She listened to exactly what I wanted and really did a fantastic job. I am very appreciative to her hard work and would definitely recommend this salon to everyone!
What a delightful experience! Tina prepared our food, served us, and even brought extras of my favorite dish free of charge. We had a  Groupon which she happily accepted, and asked us to tell her if we thought the service was too slow (she must read the reviews). Service was actually prompt.  Will most definitely return.
Absolutely the best bakery I've been in ever! The cookies are delicious. The nut rolls. & coffee cakes are heaven. Put on your bucket list to eat an almond torte. It is extremely memorable. I will dream about Minerva's delicacies until I return to visit the Burgh again. Btw - the staff is the best.
I dislike when people give low reviews because of uncontrollable factors like other loud guests and too many people.  If it's a good place, you are gonna get both.  And it's a German restaurant for goodness sake.  Ever hear of Octoberfest  It's not a quiet outing from what I've heard.The food here is excellent.  From the sausages, to the breads, to the red cabbage, etc.  I have yet to really have a meal I didn't like.  I usually take a good look at the special, since it's usually pretty reasonably priced, and a good mix as well.  I admit the no more free pretzel rolls sucks.  But you know what else sucks  The economy.  The selection of beer and wine is pretty good as well.  Usually we go with a big group, and the next time I go, I will make an effort to keep my voice down.  LOL.If you're looking for good German food in Charlotte, hit it up!
This place rocks! The food is absolutely delicious. The Hummus is amazing and only fresh ingredients are used. We try to go there weekly as it is that good.
I can't believe Arpa got such low reviews! It's a little expensive, and you sometimes have to keep ordering, but the food is fantastic. One of the best things I've ever eaten is the goat cheese with honey. Who would have thought of mixing goat cheese and honey So if you're going to Arpa, be prepared to spend money and order everything you want in doubles. It's part of the fun of tapas. The service and presentation is definitely fine-dining, although the atmosphere is a little more casual. I think it's a great place for girls' night out...like the kind of girls' night out where you're dressing up and pretending to be the Sex in the City chics...or for date night.
set in a renovated Tudor style house, this restaurant makes you feel like you've stepped out of the country; from the Stammtisch to the man playing the accordion, there's nothing else like the Waldhorn in the Charlotte area. But please, let the food speak for itself. Prices are around the same price you would find at any other casual dining restaurant, however, the golden ticket is found on Sunday mornings for the Waldhorn's brunch. Here you will find the majority of the foods that are offered in their menu, and their slef made deserts.
Only thirty minutes from Phoenix, there is this nice state park where gold was once discovered and there are trails too hike. The Superstition Mountains are quite stunning up close with jagged edges, deep canyons and huge rock formations. Most trails are shorter than two miles roundtrip and those are the "learning" trails that are used by seniors and families mostly. The big boy trail is the Siphon Pass trail in which you can get all the way to the top of the 4300 foot mountain. I went to the Basin which is at about 3300 feet. The rest of the way up is a harder unmarked trail and more rocky and it was approaching 90, so I stopped. It still was just over 4 miles roundtrip and a good uphill workout on a well-carved out trail. There were lizards galore and some strange bees with a giant red dot on them, but they didn't bug me at all. Admission to the park is $7, but the scenery makes it worthy.      Stopping just down the road later for a "pop" as it was written, one of those old-timer bearded locals told me to drive another mile and you can enter the park for hiking for free. Apacheland is right before the park and they have a museum and some replica's of buildings from the old days to check out fr free.  Also, alot of movies were filmed around there, mostly Elvis stuff and be sure to take a peak inside the church also because it's surprising what you will find.
Great place to get some local kine grindz in the 702!  Great selections of some hawaiian favorites. Great Location and Good Food. Fresh and flavorful. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.Plus the portions are huge! 5 stars for that!
The food was great and awesome shawrma or gyro is v.good customer service are great .good luck
After my first visit to the Park House it immediately became my favorite bar in Pittsburgh. The staff really makes this bar for me. They are always extremely friendly, happy to joke around with you, and quick with a refill. The owner, Zamir, is always behind the bar helping out or working in his make shift kitchen to prepare some pretty stellar burgers, sandwiches, and some of the best Middle Eastern fare around.The Park house has really nice selection of craft beers, all of which are very reasonably priced. I always end up going with a Yuengling because for some reason it just tastes fantastic here. All of their drafts are always served ice cold and taste super fresh.Just as a heads up, this place is on the small side and it isn't loaded with  tv's (though it does have two small ones above the bar.) This is a great bar to get together with friends, share some laughs, beers, and falafels.
How in the hell did I never eat at this place until just a couple weeks ago Great East African food and the lunches are cheap! Definitely only for those who love spice and adventure (but if you aren't one of those people then you should probably just stay home every night and cook something flavorless and be miserable away from the rest of us).  I had enjoyed similar styled food before, but had never had it with the injera, which is really the star here.  Imagine spicy stews wrapped in a sourdough crepe and you'll get the idea of what this place offers.  This is my comfort food no matter what the weather. Oh, and the service is pretty good too. They explain everything very well so novices need not be intimidated in trying something a little out of the ordinary.
I have eaten here many times in the last 27 years, and I must say I have never had a bad meal here.  The Reuben is good, as is the Turkey Reuben, which is served between 2 potato pancakes instead of bread.  The Beefeater Sandwich is always a good bet.  The beef is always tender, and never fatty or grisly.  For the times when I'm a bit more hungry, I get the Wienerschnitzel.  Try the German Potato Salad andor the Sweet and Sour Cabbage.  And don't forget dessert.  The desserts are homemade by the owner's wife.
A taste of home is always welcome, and for this Colombiano, La Tiendita hits a home run. I dropped in for lunch while in Mesa and found a clean, well-stocked store and friendly staff. I had the chorizo con arepa and some empanadas for lunch, they were fresh, delicious and authentic in every way. Having Caracol on the TV and a good inventory of Colombian goodies in stock was an added bonus and I'll be back soon on a weekend for the Bandeja Paisa, my favorite dish. In a world of homogenized, look-alike, bland dining choices, La Tiendita stands out, as it should. Drop in and taste the real thing.
This is fabulous gelato--the likes of which I've not had since working at Chelsea's when we served Arlecchino.  Authentic, tasty, yumminess.After dining out with my hubby and kiddo, I wanted some frozen yogurt.  Our server recommended gelato at That's Amore, which rung a bell because I remembered some guests that I waited on recently saying great things about it.  We were close by, so we stopped in.I had a medium caramel gelato, which was reaaaaallly tasty.  Since my kiddo just had a whole portion of mochi during dinner, I didn't get him his own.  He shared a couple of bites of mine and loved it.  Hubby passed on gelato and had an espresso.  It was a bit pricey, but definitely worth it for the quality.The shop is beautiful, warm, and nicely decorated.  I'm not sure how I missed that they were in that shopping center.  I've been there on several occasions and never noticed That's Amore.They have a punch card, too, so I'm on a mission to fill it up :o)
Yeah, I realize that Fogo de Chao is the "IT" Brazilian Steakhouse to go to in Scottsdale, but this place far surpasses it.  This place is cheaper and maintains a better quality of food.  Oh...all the meats that they have!  And everything is wrapped in bacon!!!  You definitely can't go wrong there!  I always leave this place way too stuffed, but I definitely don't hate it.  I absolutely love the grilled pineapple they serve.  One of the best dishes out there!
The thing i like about this place is the selection and it is all very fresh!    The coupons really help as well. It is always very clean here,the kitchen and dining area.   So no problem there. Soup is fantastic and if you can't find what you like ,then you are very picky.     Something new that they have started is charging for special toppings.     Which can really up your bill.  But, other than that, you cannot beat the choices.  Bathrooms are somewhat clean. I am sure it is hard to deep up with it all the time. Lots of parking in the lot.
I went with a group of friends and we had a fabulous time. Our guide was awesome-- Isiah (ask for him!!) We felt really confident that he knew what he was doing was he was funny!We laughed a lot--got soaking wet--and had a great time.  We did the slower run four times and the challenging run three times.   It was absolutely worth the money.We also rented wetsuits and shoes and splash jackets-the gear was worth it as well. Keeping your body temp regulated without being bulky. Tips are not asked for, but if you had a good time, the guides appreciate it.  (suggested by the website is $10 per person.)  Perfect place to take an out of towner.  The photos available on the website are spendy-$20 per download, but the images are fantastic. At the restaurant:Sweet potato fries were amazing!Artichoke spinach dip sandwich was like a dip...The Hawfield salad-ask for balsamic rather than ranch.
We chose to eat here when there was too long of a wait at La Unica, and I'm glad we did! The food was delicious, the staff was friendly- they answered all questions and helped us decide what to get. This place is a hidden gem! The tamale was HUGE and unlike anything I've ever had. We will definitely return!
the discovery of this place in 2004 forever changed my tastebuds.  since it's closed now, i can finally review based on the store when it first opened and i fell in love with it, and not after the shady change in business owners where i boycotted the last year or so anyway.$5 for delicious plates of dumplings, either beef or potato, either butter or spicy.  i always got spicy half and half (half potato, half beef), never with sour cream tho cuz i don't like the stuff.  just 1 extra dollar for a soda and it was among the cheapest, most filling dinners in town.  as a campus "safewalker," i stopped here nearly every night i worked for my dinner.before they closed, i bought up several orders for freezing (which they let you do), and rationed them out for months after their closing.  they let me in on the secret for the spicy toppings.~butter~a little rice wine vinegar~cilantro~curry powder~srirachatop that with a piece of pumpernickel, and you have nothing short of pure magic.  5 years later i still have dreams about this place, and once even tried requesting a pel meni mold for my birthday (still waiting on one of those - HINT HINT people)!when i moved to boston, i was thrilled to find a russian grocery store that had frozen pel meni.  tho i have tried both their packaged and their home-made varieties, nothing has come close to the madison gem.original pel meni genious  - if you're reading, please PLEASE come to boston!  i will eat dinner at your store and bring throngs to this mecca - just please make this dream a reality!  i suppose i'd settle on just learning your pel meni recipe if nothing else...
Awesome colombian food in Indian trail! Ate some delicious steak asado. the empanadas were delicious and the service excellent. The people here are so kind and I am never disappointed.  The fried plantains are also amazing.  You won't regret eating here (if you have an open mind).
It was the first time I've ever been here and I loved it! The meals were quite appetizing! Lets see we had a Passion Fruit Sangria, a pepperoni pizza, lamb, and calamari! Now it sounds like a lot because it is. The food comes in small portions so we were worried that we wouldn't have enough. Boy were we wrong. We had plenty! The passion fruit sangria is good if you like wine. Not so much if you don't. The Pizza on flat bread was phenomenal! The best pizza I've had in a long time! Talk about knowing how to put on pepperoni!  Lamb was scrumptious! I loved the potatoes that came with it as well. The mustard dip was the perfect touch to the whole thing. Lastly the calamari was divine! The best calamari I've tasted in a long time! Totally worth it! Besides having great food they also had great service. They constantly filled our drinks back up and when they brought the food they timed it well enough to where we didn't have all the entrees at the table at once. It was wonderful. Not to mention this place is so affordable! We're talking make $10 a plate. Trust me though you won't leave there hungry.
Great smoothies. Lots of options - almost too many to make a decision. But very tasty and great protein options.
5 stars people!!!!  If you are in Vegas... you have to try this place. The food is amazing and the service is incredible. The owner serves you personally and is super fun and laid back to chill with while you are there  =)  I had several things... the peanuts as a starter, chicken cutlet, spare ribs and some others I can't remember but everything was just amazing!
Great selection of interesting finds and reasonalby priced.  You have to do a few laps around the store totake is all in.   I'v'e brought numerous friends in and now they are hooked.  Staff is really friendly and very helpful.     Tami
One of the two or three best meals I've had in Vegas, and the price was under eight bucks!I'll be coming back here for a looooong time.The Good:1)  Incredible pupusas recipe.  Fresh, hot, delicate.  I've had them other places and they weren't done as well.2)  Preposterously cheap.  If it cost twice as much it would still be a bargain.3)  Lots of variety on the menu.4)  Reasonably fast service.The Bad:1)  The ambiance is low rent, but that's consistent with most restaurants at this price point.  Heck I've seen taco trucks that are more expensive than Las Pupusas.
Excellent gelato! Always fresh and a large selection of classic and interesting flavors: super dark chocolate, Oreo, panna cotta, lemon, fruits of the forest, to name a few.
Amazing Pretzels! I had the Jalapeno one, and Pepperoni one!Very Good Stuff!
This is easily one of the best Giant Eagles I've ever been to. Huge. Very nice selection. Easily comparable to Whole Foods. Went to their cheese market, and was pleasantly surprised with the selection. I got Beemster Vlaskas, an amazing Gouda. Very large parking lot.
Great food and my favorite She Crab soup!  Great beer selection and desserts too. Atmosphere is nice too.
I receive regular massages from Anita and have nothing but good things to say about her treatments. She has the ability to get to your problem areas and work out all the kinks to get your body working in harmony again. She is very professional, extremely knowledgeable, and is a very caring person. Those qualities are invaluable when it comes to massage therapy and healing the ailments a person may have. Her holistic approach to mind and body wellness have helped lessen my stress related aches and pains. I highly recommend her services and always look forward to my appointments that balance my body and re-energize my soul.
Wow!  This place is definitely three steps up from the typical university art museum.  I was at UIUC for a conference, and several of the other participants and I ended up killing a few hours of free time here.  I am so glad we did!They have a number of really interesting exhibits, including some odd and creepy installments.  The space is gorgeous, too -- much bigger than I expected.  Don't miss it!
I've been going to The Great wall of China South for quite a while. The owner Alex and the staff always accommodate to your liking. I am a pescatarian so I don't know how their meats are however I can tell you about a few of their dishes. My all time favorite dish is one of their specialties the "Crispy Scallops". The portion size is very generous & the scallops are sweet. This does not come with any vegetables. I recommend ordering the mixed vegetables with brown sauce. I always tell them to make the sauce spicy :) For appetizers the "Steamed Veggie Dumplings" are amazing with a sweet soy sauce. The "Crab Rangoon" is okay. The "Spring Rolls" are greasy but good. Make sure to have extra napkins. Also I've tried the "Sa Cha Scallops" during lunch and definitely a yummy dish! Although I like it very spicy. The restaurant is always clean and they have stayed consistent on everything for many years. Love this place!! Always keeps me coming back
I LOVE the glass center. I've been lucky enough to attend quite a few events here, and also do a small class where I was able to make an ornament. The staff is always friendly and fun, and I always leave feeling grateful that we have such a unique place here in Pittsburgh!
Love their spicy black bean dip and their black bean and pineapple quesadilla... mmmm can't get enough of their black bean.
So since I have given up on Inner Peaks (boo) I have needed a new gym to get myself back into shape...a couple friends recommended Dowd and after a tour I was convinced this would be a great place for me. Wow this gym is like Globo gym in Dodge-Ball!  7 (or 8) floors, pretty much every type of service you could look for....smoothie bar, dietician, towel service etc.   They keep things fun and interesting with unique classes ..so since I get bored easily this is the main attraction for me! While I think some of the classes are a bit too jam packed, I do think the instructors do a nice job of motivating everyone and offering some individualized attention. I've really liked the pool facilities - and have even ventured into the hot-tub (scary at most gyms, but really is kept up here). I still recommend wearing flip-flops and showering beforeafter just in case. I'm totally with Nicole in that kiddies are cute and all but not when I am trying to work out- so I like that I know the pool has never been peed in!Overall as a few people mentioned this place isn't completely perfect - parking's a B and  I feel they could amp up the AC in Keith gym but overall it really has exceeded my expectations!
Cuisine Malaya is probably one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte. It is also a really good place to go with large groups because they have plenty of space, there is never a wait, and they can accommodate very large groups at one table. Also, the last 2 birthday celebrations we had there with large friend groups, we called in advance to make the reservation and let them know it was a birthday party, and they put up decorations in our area that we were seated at! That was definitely exemplary service.  They also let us bring our own birthday cake and kept it in the fridge in the back and then cut and served it for us after blowing out the candles.  Now on to the food.  The food is always so good.  They are also very large portions, so definitely can share one dish between 2 people.  The roti tellur appetizer is amazing and a must to order if you have never had it.  I also really like the kung pao tofu - the tofu has the perfect texture and crispness.  You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu - everything I have had has been great!
Their cinnamon almonds are to die for!! The fudge is awesome too!
Sale! Score on fantastic products at a more "affordable" price. (Yes, I plan to eat ramen noodles for months to come to offset my most recent RH purchase.)The sales associates are super friendly and spent a lot of time helping my husband and I order things that they didn't have in the store. They are in the middle of a renovation, so the store is in a bit of a disarray...or maybe that was from me. In any case, they'll have it new and improved and fully stocked in the next few weeks. My favorite store!
Best Hawaiian food place I have ever been to in vegas. The food was delicious, the service was awesome, and the portion are great. Very good place to satisfy ones cravings for Hawaiian food.
Vegan = Tasty.  No macro platters here, though if they did have one, i bet it'd be covered in some mouth-watering sauce.  This vegan restaurant is for people who like animal products as much it is for people who don't.  Almost everything on the menu comes with at least an option of mock meat of one kind or another.  And mock meat is tasty, though probably not necessarily healthy.  The original "g" spicy po-boy reminded me almost exactly of Switch's Buffalo Bleu Chicken sandwich (my favorite).  It was hardly noticeable that Green's version had no bleu cheese, mock chicken patties and veganaise.  The texas "moo-shroom" po-boy was excellent as well with a sweet BBQ sauce and heaps of mushrooms, red peppers and onions.  I do not like the tahini coleslaw - too much peanut sauce.  We were so impressed with our lunch that we ordered a couple of cookies for dessert and that was when we remembered the reason we could never be entirely vegan....no butter in the cookies!  At least they use real chocolate instead of carob.I also enjoy all of the green building products on the walls, but not the styrofoam cups, so much.
These women were great!! I went to a little party with some girlfriends and they hosted it, what a ball! Danna and I think the other woman's name is Ruby, were super fun and helpful. We made the wine painting, and it's now on our mantel. Who knew, I'm actually talented! I want to try and book them for our upcoming housewarming party, to help us decorate the new home! Highly recommended, and a super creative concept!
I had a massage for the first time from mind and body by Anita and let me just say it was amazing! She is very professional and gives the bothersome areas the attention they need. Anita had me relaxed from the beginning of the session and by the end I was so relaxed it was hard for me to get up. That night I had the most amazing deep sleep I have had in weeks. I would definitely rank mind and body in my top two places for massages.  Can't wait to schedule my next appointment!
This place is cute, very comfortable inside and the staff is really nice :)I got a breakfast sandwich and a white chocolate mocha both were so delicious!! skip the starbucks and head over here, I would highly recommend this place!
Couldn't think of better Friday night plans than this!! Friends, art, wine.. and a little bit of craziness! Had so much fun. the staff was absolutely amazing... perfect balance of instruction and fun... the class was filled with a pretty diverse group of people and we all had a great time and the staff really created a warm, comfortable ambiance for everyone. Can't wait to go back!! Thanks Mandee for the inspiration to paint :) You guys ROCK!!
Moonstones is an excellent shop. I am from out of town but was able to order a gift basket of incense, stones and oils over the phone and have it delivered to a sick relative nearby.  Tell them whatwho you need it for (e.g. a sick friend) and they will personally construct the gift basket and deliver it if not too far away Worked perfectly for me and--again--they are very nice. Ask for Amy.
Yums~ I love this place! Despite there being countless restaurants in Vegas, I came back here for a 2nd time before returning home. Both the savory and dessert crepes are delish.
A Sunnyslope landmark and I am not exaggerating. This place has been here for as long as I can remember and the service has remained top notch. I have bought and sold a few bikes here over the years and have never been done wrong. Bought a bike today and was impressed with the fact that the guy didn't even try to up sell me at all. He gave me suggestions based off what I said I was looking for,let me try a few bikes out in the parking lot and when I chose my new ride proceeded to make adjustments to the handle bars and seat which magically made the bike fit me like a glove. This is truly a great place to buy a bike, support local businesses and honest businesses by buying here.
Sweet Tomatoes is the haven of all buffets. It's large and clean with helpful staff and excellent food. (Or so I've found at this location)I may go there now...
Fantastic date place!!!  This little restaurant has fantastic apps and dinners.  My favorites are the Shrimp Marsala or the What It Is.  The crab soup is excellent also.  When I am there for dinner I always get a half and half with my meal.  But if you are just going for lunch get the chicken quesadillas - excellent.  Ladies!  Watch out for the pole!  Then take a walk around the beautiful Fourth Ward!
This review is, of course, for Princess Mediterranean Market & Deli's BUFFET!     :-))Shame on me for not having been back to this great place for over two years!  Anyhow, today I started with a bowl of Lentil Soup, a very tender, very delicious lamb shank, & then went on to everything else.  Now they don't label the food here, & it does vary from week to week, so just come & take some of everything & totally enjoy it!  Some of the items I DID recognize were flat bread, great Hummus to put on it, super good flame broiled chicken, & salad.  Whatever the rest of it was, it was all just terrific, & raises this unassuming place right up close to the top compared to every Buffet in the Valley!This lunch is currently presented for your amazement & delight on Fridays only, from 12 Noon.  The dining room has booths & tables, seats around 50, the staff is very friendly, they keep Halal, it's $9.99, & YOU WANT THIS!!     :-))
Love this place! The fact that it's incredibly close to home is a wonderful bonus. I'll completely stuff myself at the lunch buffet from time to time, but my real weakness is calling in an order and running down the street to pick it up. I may do this a little too often. I like to try new things every so often, but even sticking with my go-to of Chicken Curry never leaves me anything other than happy. I'm so thrilled they've stuck around during the awful construction on Penn Ave.
Hope to go tonight and see the new menu and the new location.  It's going to be great and we can't wait!  Congratulations on the move to Baseline Rd in Mesa.  Tons more space.  Wishing you all much success on your next first day.
I popped in to the Frick because, well, why not  I had the afternoon free and the weather was beautiful.Sure, it's not MOMA, or the Met, or LACMA.  What were you expecting  But what the main collection lacks in cachet, it makes up for with its outstanding curators.  I can't rave enough about how friendly and knowledgeable the staff are.  They went out of their way to describe the history and intricacies of each work of art.  It made even the most average of pieces come alive.The car collection was amazing, and the staff in the outbuilding were equally helpful.  The gentleman that I spoke with went through the collection car by car, giving an enormous amount of detail and history for each vehicle.  It made what would have been an average visit fantastic.I didn't have a chance to do the tour of the mansion, but I did walk around the grounds, and they're perfect to while away some free time on a nice day.
My husband and I ate there over the weekend. It was absolutely delicious. We definitely paid a pretty penny for what we got, but it was well worth it. The paella was amazing. I loved it! My husband got the stuffed lobster tail. It was the biggest lobster tail either of us had ever seen. Prepare to be stuffed when you leave here. The wait staff was also very efficient and professional.
I love this place! The best dim sum in Chandler. My service was exceptional, I even went on lunchtime on a Friday with my boyfriend. It was priced fairly good, we both gorged ourselves on less than $30.00. Not too sure about the pink tablecloths or the giant lobster tank, but overall it was delicious :)
Ok, I have to give this place a 5, and no JUST because of the delicious food.  I'll preface my story with its probably the best Phovietnamese in Pittsburgh...yada yada...delicious...yada yada...cheap...yada yada...great phoBUT a lot of ppl have said its no-frills, angry servers who throw food at you.  And this has been the case a few times before my story tonight.  I've never minded.TONIGHT though...i went to get some take out pho on a snowy evening.  I had to wait for a few minutes...and the owner was nice enough to engage me in conversation while I waited.I get my Pho...paid..and I get in my car...and drove away...A block later, due to the snowy weather and my inability to slow brake...I squealed to a stop when some guy ran out into the street.  I did stop in time, spared his life...BUT MY PHO WAS EVERYWHERE!  Most of it was in the bag, but a good portion was on the floor...on the seat...MORE IMPORTANTLY, NOT IN MY BELLY.  So I drove into a parking lot...had to dispose of the mess...and cried.  Now not only did I NOT have pho...my car now smelled enticingly of beefy broth.  So in a moment of frenzy, I thought...What the heck...im only a block away, IM GETTING MY PHO.So I went back...and got my pho!  AND...the guy didn't even charge me.  He was SO nice and he was like "You said you dropped it, I believe you! here!"omfg, I EFFING LOVE THIS PLACE.
it's been a while since i've been here but i use to come here all the time and i definitely recommend this place. pretty casual place, not main stream, fast and friendly service. all of their portions are huge. best loco moco in town, big serving of rice, 2 big hamburger patties that don't taste or feel store bought like other places, topped with eggs and a bunch of gravy.  you also should try the kalua and cabage, lau lau, etc and compare it to what you've had around town. i don't know if they still have it but take a look at their scrapbook binder, all the people thats been there over the years, look for my signature from 10 years ago.
A great place with great service, friendly staff, great food and great beer. The cask conditioned beer is wonderful as are the fish and chips.
Great place to go for a cheap lunch if your in the area. Steves is a great local dive for burgers and dogs. They are a great alternative to hospital food if you work at or are are visiting someone at Allegheny General Hospital. They offer burgers, hot dogs, grilled cheese, chicken and ham sandwiches, ,BLTs, kielbasa, fish sandwiches and fries. Burgers start at $1.00 and hot dogs start at 93 cents. You can add chili, sauerkraut, cheese and jalapenos to their hot dogs. There is a small counter to eat at but most people get their food to go. The food is great and the prices are even better. CASH ONLY!
This place is pretty tasty and cheap not sure why theres not too many reviews! 7.00 cant beat that everything was fresh when we came in at 3pm.
We went here last night it was so much fun.  The owners are a polish couple who keep the place very immaculate!  The atmosphere is fun .  I counted there are only about 7 tables in the entire restaurant but there is seating outside.  The meal starts out with some pumpernickel bread and butter which was very tasty.  We ordered the beet salad it was fresh and not over bearing when it comes to pickling.  For my dinner I ordered the house special which is sort of like a pot sticker with meat.  But they put a polish spin on it which had a butter sauce and bacon bits followed by sour cream.  She had the cabbage rolls which were very large.  The plate comes with three.  We shared our meals so we could get a taste of everything.  For dessert we had a tipple layer chocolate tart which had a chocolate cherry filling.  It was so gooooooooood!     The menu mostly consist of polish food.  Its a very neat place if you want authentic polish.  This was the first true polish meal I ever had and it was fantastic.  Prices were great for a Friday night.  Two drinks two meals a salad ,  bread and butter , and dessert came out to 30 bucks!  Cant beat that.  Plus the food was homemade.  The place itself is nestled in downtown Glendale its a little hard to find the first time but trust me its well worth it.  It almost feels like eating in someones house.  Very fun very different.  Try something new and go here.  And you also feel good because you just supported a local mom and pop business!
Talk about "Park of Dreams" It not often I go too parks in general but if I do go mostly due in part too get my outdoor running on. If you ever need extra motivation too get running in or exercise on. At Charlie KEllogg and Joe Zaher Sports Complex. So many things going on you can not help but get inspired. Talk about refreshing change of pace too Vegas seeing other runners, walkers, cyclists, and everything between all in the same park. Really on perfect weather day so many things going on you really could make day out of people watching, fitness on, watching kids play at the numerous playground areas (different parts of the park; each one slightly different from the next one), and lets not forget about pet lovers cause pets are our kids too huge dog park area. If not fan of soccer or better yet fan. There always seem too have some kine of league games from youth too adult leagues. Catch game. Or just lay out on one of the grass areas kick back read good book or toss football or frisbee around or anything fun. It great place too go running even if doing loops. Best part so many things going on around you keeps running fun and interactive all the things pass by or seeing other runners. The path is well paved in great shape and highly recommend on not so Hot summer day or nice Cool winter day sun out one of the best parks too chill and relax in!!
My oncologist told me I needed to see an OBGYN stat before receiving my next chemo treatment due to some side effects of my last treatment. On my Aetna insurance website True Harmony was rated very high. So I thought I would give them a try. They got me in the next afternoon and prior to my appointment not only did the MA call me for additional information but also contacted my oncologist so that my appointment went very smoothly. Problem is being resolved. I'm staying on track with my chemo treatments. And the naturalpathic treatment that Mary Anne  recommended is working. I was so impressed with it that I referred it to my daughter who is 17 weeks pregnant for her to transfer to.
Every dish I have ever had here has been amazing.  Fragrant, spicy, full of flavor.  As stated before, the service is excellent.  I've tried about 10 dishes here and every time I thought to myself, "god damn this is good!".  They are also very knowledgeable about their food and their ingredients and can customize dishes to your dietary restrictions andor guide you to a more appropriate dish.Please be aware that they only serve their full ala carte menu at night, during the day was buffet only and the last time we went they only had 2 dishes which were dairy-free, so we had to bounce, which was super disappointing because I was fiending their food.Do yourself a favor, if you're a fan of lemonade, and try theirs, it's amazing.
Let me wipe the drool off of my chin real fast..Small Fiji with brown rice, delicious!Fish tacos, give me more!!Small Jamaica, too spicy for me but my boyfriend can't get enough!Large half Fijihalf Oahu and half whitebrown rice with a small salad, PERFECT meal for two!You cannot go wrong here!! Super fast and friendly, I've been coming here since I was a child (10 years)!!!
After a morning of Thrift Store hunting, a friend and I were thinking of lunch, and he suggested Emil's after he'd seen Chris Sebak do a bit on it and had tried it a time or two before, and I had not. He said they had a decent Reuben, but to be prepared to step back in time.Well, seeing as how I'm kind of addicted to late 40's and early 50's, and the whole Rat Pack scene, stepping back in time is a welcomed change in da burgh...as long as it doesn't involve 1979, which I can see all around me every day.And yet another shot at finding a decent Reuben in da burgh...well, that's like hunting the Holy Grail. So looking under one more bush certainly wouldn't hurt.So off we go right at lunchtime in the middle of...where exactly were we At first I thought we were lost, driving around a handful of very rather dismal looking blocks in what looked like a neighborhood that had been blighted by the building of a highway. And then...AHA! Here it is! And yep, there it was. This little unassuming building with an add-on entrance with what looked like a very old hand painted sign stating quite simply 'Emil's. We walked in the front door, and entered another world. Another time, and another place. Oh, and any Big BurritoSousa foodies might as well stop reading now. I wouldn't want to see you walk in, roll your eyes and say 'Reaaaaaalllly'This is about as old world barloungerestaurant as it gets. Plain, with a dark wood bar on one side, plain white walls with no yinzer pics, good sturdy chairs and actual white linens on the tables. This is the kind of neighborhood dive that I could see Frank and Dino pulling a few tables together for some poker, a fish sammich, and some cheap scotch. And THAT is exactly what I love.Oh...but good food counts too. We each had a Reuben, and my friend had a side of fries. The Reubens were decent, but not NY awesome. A little too thick on the bread, but overall, tasty and definitely filling. Not too skimpy on the meat. I seriously CRAVE a true, good NY Reuben, but since I can't afford to travel right now, what I find in da burgh will have to do. But as we sat and ate, burgers came out to an adjoining table. Those were some big thick burgers. A steak went past for the table behind us. That was HUGE! And when we asked about it, the waitress said 'Yeah, it's huge and really good, and he only charges $12.99 for it, ain't that nuts' Another table of five came in, and wham. Fish sandwiches PILED with breaded fish that looked amazing. Yeah, I want that, that, that and THAT!My friend also mentioned that they have a Chicken Parm special one day of the week that is only served UNTIL 4 pm, and that it is fantastic. If only I could GET there on that week day before 4...The waitress did a good job, especially since there was quite a growing crowd at lunchtime on a Saturday, and only one of her. She kept up and was very friendly. They only have Pepsi products, so I had a brewed iced tea, which was very fresh, and she did pop by to ask about refills as often as she could. As the lunch hour went on, they were getting busy.Emil's is no frills, good portions, very reasonable prices, VERY comfortable neighborhood hole in the wall...kind of like Cheers, but in a blue collar neighborhood in the 1950's. Fan-freakin-tastic! I could feel at home here.You definitely want to hit Mapquest or plug in your GPS though. I am not sure that I could find it again on my own...it really is a hidden gem. I will be making my friend take me back until I can memorize where the heck it is.Addendum: 2nd visit for the fish sandwich. Excellent. Truly. A pound of fish on a fish-shaped bun (as opposed to da burgh's seemingly popular hamburger bun). The fish was flavorful, the batter excellent, and for just $8. This may have been the best fish sandwich I've yet to have in da burgh.
Always top notch service and food at Ruth's Chris Pittsburgh. They have some summery specials during these cold winter months to bring you out of the post-holiday funk, which is very refreshing to see. Stop in for lunch for great deals on amazing food. Their lunch cuts of beef, chicken and fish include 2 sides and a salad for an extremely reasonable price. I got the lunch petite filet, veggies, mashed potatoes and appetizer salad for 28 bucks! Not bad for a steakhouse. Our server was incredible, as usual, and was extremely attentive of my gluten-free needs. The servers are extremely knowledgeable of the menu and will accommodate you no matter what. The decor is a bit dated and is due for a remodeling, but perhaps that will be on the list of things to do for the chain since they are celebrating their 25th anniversary this year!
Just plain awesome! We read some reviews before trying and people basically love the ribs. Some complained about the guy behind the counter being surly and that it is a hole in the wall. Well, we expected a "Soup Nazi" experience and the main problem was that their television echoes through the place while the soft-spoken guy, positioned about 30 feet away at the oven, asks what you want with soft-spoken voice. I felt badly saying "What" so many times but finally got the order straight. He was very patient with us.After tasting the magnificent ribs, we told him that these were the best ribs we'd ever tasted (also over the dratted television noise). The guy was positively beaming and we had a nice conversation with him. He said the recipe has been in the family for 140 years so far. He also said that the style was Louisiana BBQ. I had mild and my brother-in-law had hot. We were both extremely satisfied. There was plenty of meat on the ribs and they were done to perfection. They did not have cole slaw but we did try potato salad--very good too!The ambiance is nothing to write home about, but it seemed good enough. But the ribs are so good that I very much look forward to, actually LONG to, go back again. I crave the ribs and it's only been 4 days since I was there for the first time.
I am so glad that the Entertainment book had a coupon for this place.  A girlfriend of mine and I went for dinner and I just LOVED it.  I can not wait to go back.  We got a vegetarian sampler plate and the waiter (owner maybe) threw in a free additional item on the sampler.  Everything was super yummy but I think my favorite was the collard greens.  Mmmmm.... I am craving it again.
Some amazing bar food, trivia Wednesday and Thursday (I'm usually there Thursdays) and the karaoke is awesome. Great drink and food specials. I'm partial to their fish tacos (chipotle mayo, yum!). PS If you're good at trivia, come Wednesdays, since I'm there with my team on Thursdays ;)
This place is the place to go for a great day out shooting your pistol, rifle, shotgun or even bow & arrow!Friendly staff & wow only $7 to shoot all day!  Bring lots of ammo cause you won't want to leave!I'm looking forward to bringing my new Taurus 9MM pistol and breaking in a few rounds next weekend!Very safe and why waste time shooting indoors  Enjoy Las Vegas' great weather and shoot outside!
Very nice people combined with a very nice selection.if you have any questions you can just ask and every one there is happy to help you.This store for sure is worth checking out.
not sure why they changed the name from squaw peak.  sup witdhatnow, back to happy thoughts.  it's my 2nd favorite hike in phx.  i've seen someone seriously injured on this mountain in the past (not happy times).  the very last climb right before you reach the top scares me the most.   it feels like you canwill fall right over the side of this monster.  you have to be in some type of shape to get up this mountain but i still think it easier than camelback.  i have no idea how people run up and down this peak but everytime i go, sure enough somebody runs right past me.oh and camelback is my 1
I think I want to kidnap Michelle. Always a wonderful job. She is the eyebrow fairy. And for all you people who don't think its necessary to tip her you should be ashamed of yourselves. I graciously leave her $5 extra on my $10 eyebrow wax. I have not had one bad experience and I can honestly say she is my GO TO WOMAN for all my eyebrow needs. I will never let another womanman touch my face.  *NOTE* My rating is based on Eyebrow Waxing. Unfortunately I do not get my nails done. EVER. So please keep in mind when reading my review for this location that it is solely based on my experience with waxing and waxing ONLY.
I needed to organize a party for about 20 people. Roland's made it very easy to put the whole thing together via email. I rented a room in the back with a large couch, some tables, and its own bar. There were multiple flatscreen tvs and was nicely decorated. They did not charge for the room, only food and drink which were very reasonably priced. Surprisingly, as part of the event took place during happy hour, drinks during that time were much cheaper. They were well organized and the staff (Mike) was great: professional and made things easy.
Loved this studio. I was on vacation last week in Scottsdale and found BYNS on Yelp. I almost did not go because when I called I found out they had carpet floors in the yoga room. I am so glad that I went anyway. The carpets were clean and a hospital grade anti-bacterial type. The studio was large with plenty of room for people to spread out. I took classes from Sandy, Bridget and Christine. I did the out of town special which was a great deal. It included 5 lessons in 7 days plus mat and towel. Perfect for travelers. The instruction was great. I usually do 60-90 minutes of Vinyasa style hot yoga at home 2-3 times per week and dread the 90 minute original series (Bikram), but doing it 4 days in a row on vacation, I could really see my practice improve. When I got home, I couldn't wait to get back to a 90 minute practice. I even did a 30 day challenge last year and loved it but realize that when I am rushing to and from classes between work and kids is not helpful to mentally prepare me for class. Now I will try to give myself more time to get to class and prepare for it. I will definitely go back to BYNS the next time I am in Scottsdale and highly recommend it for anyone.
Definitely a must-try! The building itself isn't much to look at but the parking lot is always full and that's a great indication of yummy-ness. It caters to both meat and veggie eaters with fake chicken, duck, and beef plates. They also have mock seafood plates as well. My friend and I went to check this place out because we had heard so much about it. She ordered the lemon grass chicken and I tried the ginger duck. Both were so tasty and we were kinda freaked out because they tasted just like the real thing. The service was excellent and kudos for the waitress who kept filling up our waters...even AFTER we paid the bill. It's reasonably priced and the food portions are perfect. We even had leftovers.
The blackened Mahi is to die for nestled on mashed sweet potato. Just right!  Generous side helping of plantains as well.  Friendly wait staff.  Owner comes out to talk with patrons.  What more could you ask for in a small neighborhood bistro  Confidently recommended!
Wonderful meal. We enjoyed the Crab appetizer, Duck and Snapper entrees, all delicious. Next visit I will definitely try the chefs tasting menu. Don't be put off by the number of courses, the portions are small.
In the busy Queensferry Street, you find a small door in to Affogato. This is a wonderful little place, where you can get GREAT icecream. Inside the door you are immediately met by a large, round box, crammed with gorgeous ice. Here you will find a good selection of both sorbet and gelato, fashionable word for ice cream in Italian. The sorbet was, according to the lady behind the counter, fresh from the kitchen in the basement.One of the best with ice cream bars that actually provide some service, is when you get a small taste of the flavors you are curious about. It is always difficult to decide when standing in front of an ocean of ice cream that looks fantastic and has fancy names. That's then the samples are genius!The area where you can sit down, was not as cozy as you get the impression of when you enter. Still this a place you drop by to buy an ice cream for take away.
Update 27-Dec-09After not coming to Las Vegas in 5 months, we finally made it back.  One of the first stops was at the Draft House.   What a way to come back in to town.   The old standard Black Lab Stout is still awesome, and some of their special brews (500th special brew) were just fantastic.   The food is exactly as I remember... delicious!   Great show guys!   If you can't find them, here is their GPS location:N36 degrees 14.5658 minutesW115 degrees 14.1797 minutes
For years I drove right by this place and never stepped foot inside until I started working at an office nearby and fell in love with their cafe, I was never really a big fan of vegetarianvegan food until I came here, the food is awesome and so is the staff, absolutely love their southwest faux chicken salad! Plus when my son is sick, I like buying his medicine here as well, all natural is the way to go!
