Having grown up in North Carolina, I've had lots of Barbecue (and I also smoke my own).  I feel I can adequately judge the quality of BBQ.  This particular establishment was unique in that it's right off the side of a highway and has drive-in microphones and ordering stations straight out of the 50's.  I did feel a little uneasy in the parking lot as it was in a shady part of town, but not a big deal.  I ordered the 14 Barbecue chicken meal and substituted potato salad for the slaw and onion rings for the fries.  In addition I ordered a "Minced" barbecue sandwich, which is the classic barbecue that people would think of when talking about North Carolina style BBQ.   First let me say that FoodNetwork came to this establishment for the unique nature of the 50's style drive-in and for the unique way that the pieces of barbecue chicken are prepared.  They are deep fried and then dunked in barbecue sauce.  I will say that it is unique; however as the above would suggest, it is quite greasy.  It was "okay" but I wouldn't say it is anything to specifically come here for.  As for the barbecue, it is also "okay;" I can safely say that the meat is not smoked (there is no smoke rising from the kitchen, so I don't see how that could happen).  In addition, the meat itself lacked the distinctive smoky flavor characteristic of good, slow cooked North Carolina barbecue.  The sandwich overall was ever so slightly more typical of NC BBQ than what I received from Mac's (which was very overcooked and completely lacked flavor), but unfortunately I would never recommend the restaurant for NC barbecue or otherwise.
Another overdone steak and utterly inattentive staff! Still sitting here waiting for someone to give a care.So, we finally got the attention of a server who was not our server, Michael. She was kind enough to take my steak back to the kitchen. Michael, our server, finally shows up 10 minutes later with a half-hearted apology and to let me know that my steak was being prepared again. He does not offer to refill our drink glasses that have now been sitting empty for 20 minutes. The manager makes an appearance and brings me a strip steak that looks rare from the sight of it. He informs me that my steak is on him and apologizes. He goes away. I cut into my steak and it's, you guessed it, Pittsburgh Rare. I asked for medium rare. He returns and I tell him that the chef needs to go back to culinary school and learn how to prepare a steak. The manager apologizes again and asks me if I want to take this pathetic piece of beef home with me! Not only is it rare but it's a cheap cut of strip steak that is loaded with connective gristle. I said no thanks. He comped my husband's meal and we left. I never hope for people to lose their jobs but the cook and the server really need some serious retraining! I will never go back to this Applebee's again.
Horrible service, staff rough around the edges and bad food. A group of four of us went there with very high expectations after reading yelp and left disappointed. It took an hour for us to be seated. Once we finally had a table and ordered, it took nearly an hour for us to be even served. I ordered 35$ lobster tail in wine sauce and it was dry and chewy. My vegetarian friend ordered veggie paella and what she received was literally a plate of rice with like 10 peas....and what really pissed us off is that the restaurants complimentary dish for the table was a plate of paella style rice...basically the same exact thing they charged her 20 bucks for. The service was just plain bad. The food was overpriced and lame.
Capitalism at its worst. These kinds of stores are  a waste of time. Good for the kids though. That is if you want them addicted to sugar.
What a dump!! I am a Brit in Vegas so I thought I would go to the Crown and Anchor to watch the footie. One end of the bar was covered with stacks of dirty beer glasses. The place was filthy and absolutely minging. The waitress was awful and the food I saw coming out of the kitchen I would not feed to my dog. I left after one pint. Shockingly awful!I think the worst bar I have ever been in!
Stopped for dinner there while traveling on business.  Greeted by a friendly hostess, seated and ignored.   After 25 minutes without a server, I left.  Will not recommend to anyone else passing through.  I don't know if all the wait staff didn't feel like serving one person because tips are smaller for one than a group or if they were just incompetent or just rude.  Extremely dissatisfied.
We dined in for lunch one day, the floor had been mopped with a dirtysour mophead, you can smell the funky odor on the floor. Teri beef is fattygreasy and tough. Mahi Mahi is just chunks of cooked fish. Huge slathering of stucky white rice and overly mayoed mac salad with no flavor. My chicken katsu came with what I still think is ketchup and no katsu sauce. I asked for katsu sauce and the boss lady says that is katsu. No it's Ketchup, not tonkatsu sauce like everyone knows. So I asked for a side of teri sauce instead. My chicken katsu is Deeeep fried extra hard and the chicken had tough skin underneath. Too crunchy and taste like low grade chicken, greasy. Overly mayoed mac salad and a huge wave of white rice that wasn't all that fresh. Is this good food I guess some think so and they are welcome to it. I like a certain place on 215 and Green Valley or 215 and Eastern much better.
Different food but not great. Service is very bad and slow. We were a group of 10 people went for lunch, the lady who served us was very rude. When we asked asked for the straws she literally threw them on the table. And the food was served to us after 45 mins. Regarding food, I feel the food had raw curry powder flavors and pretty much all the food items had similar taste.
i was told if if i bought a strip of classes, that I could use for other things like massage, etc.   when i called for massage appointment they said they don't offer this anymore.  they would not give a return on my money, i live to far away to use for yoga.  so they mislead into signing up and now have stolen my money.
We went there with high hopes & but got disappointment.Many of the items had just rice with charred vegetables without any spice. Even meat items had no taste. We felt it too costly for the quality we got.Desserts were okay.
This was definitely a disappointment (I guess I should have realized it wouldn't be anything special given that the place is normally empty).  I ordered delivery from here and it took over an hour (mind you I live about a five-minute drive away).  I ordered Singapore Rice Noodles and Spring Rolls.  The spring rolls were definitely not fresh or homemade and were an extremely small portion for $3.50.  In general, I felt that the prices were a little high (and am surprised that so many people commented on how low the prices were below).  The Singapore Rice Noodles were supposed to be with shrimp but arrived with about two pieces of shrimp and about 15 pieces of chicken (mind you, I don't eat meat...and there was no mention of chicken on their menu).  That was the disappointment that has made me decide to give it such a low score.  I can honestly say I will never patronize this restaurant and will encourage others to do the same....
Tried the place for lunch. Not memorable. We are both fans of Indonesian food and this tasted nothing like what we have had before. The specialty chicken was fatty and greasy, kfc is better. Three much better options in the same strip mall.
I cannot believe this place exists! How is it competitive in CharlotteThe flavors are absurdly overdone: super salty, super sweet, and conflicting in that they pair savory with super sweet and drown it all out.I may have an answer: the place is filled with the elderly. Maybe it's "The Walking Dead" tongues. Seriously, the youngest person there was in their early 50's. It's like a "speak-easy" for the rich elderly...it just keeps afloat by a secret handshake that acknowledges you are in a terrible place but you can be old there without the riff-raff.Also, it is terribly expensive for the low quality they are putting on the plate. Even the drinks are super sweet.AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
This place has the worst service I've ever seen. I called in two cold sandwiches and was told it would be 15 mins. When I got to the counter, the lady working rudely told me to wait for my name to be called because she didn't have my ticket to ring up the order. Um, okay...then walk over and get it so i can pay for it! So I waited and waited as people who came in long after me got their orders. The "workers" just stand around and spend more time talking to the regulars and trying to act like they are a big deal. I had to leave without my order after 40 minutes. DO NOT GO HERE!
Oscar is a delight and Corinne puts a smile on my face. However, I went to purchase facial hair and when I walked in I was ignored. I looked around and when I was unable to find what I was looking for I went up to the counter to ask. As I said, "Hello, I was wondering..." the tall, skinny, older man I was addressing looked right at me and walked away. I waited for him to come back, thinking maybe he had to help another customer. I waited 10 minutes and eventually another guy asked me if I was being helped. I asked him my question and he was very helpful. They didn't have the facial hair I needed in stock so i asked, "When will you be getting it in" He walked over to the older man and the older man just threw his hands in the air and said, "thats an oscar question, leave me alone." I was absolutely appalled. I never got an answer to my question and I received dirty looks from the older man.I have a large amount of respect for people working in retail and customer service but when they treat their customers like crap, I never want to support that business again. I will not be returning until the employes learn some respect.
I called to inquire about their menu and was meet with some resistance. the person who answered the phone would only tell me to come in and see the decor and and menu. i thought it was a joke and asked again but to no avail didn't get anywhere. this place put a bad taste in my mouth...ssh.
Crepes are pricey and super bland not savory at all...
It's too bad the food was decent because I will never go back go this place. The food took over an hour to come out, and while we were waiting, the waitress never even showed her face. When we got her attention, she told us that there was a big party, and that the kitchen was backed up. No apologies, no recourse. Afterwards, when someone in my party tried to complain to the manager in a very polite tone, he was thrown out! Someone, please open an Indonesian restaurant in Madison that isn't  by idiots and tools.
Stopped in to purchase another bike. I was asked can I help you I replied That I am looking for another bike he repeated can I help you...... once again I replied that I am looking for another bike he never came out from behind the counter nor ask for someone else to help me. So a few minutes gone by I was hanging out near the counter next to the front door waiting for help next thing he said was Have A Nice day so I left
ONE WORD: Gross. My cousin and I compared the texture of the ground beef kabob to that of her dog's food. The filet kabob, while the taste was ok, had a very strange texture - almost like it was steamed or something. I definitely agree that they are VERY skimpy on the meat, which I guess doesn't matter 'cause it sucked. The hummus was just blah - I could make my own better. Their only saving grace was their basmati rice, which wasn't even all that great either.
It's a flea market.  Nothing more; nothing less.  It's old crap that no one should need unless you are a hoarder.  There are plenty of free flea markets and yard sales that are free.  This misadventure cost me $20 in admission fees.  What a waste.  It's $10 a head.  Finally, no one takes credit cards... even for the admission charge.  After all, flea markets and yard sales typically deal in cash only.  I now feel slightly dirty.
I am really surprised that the reviews are so great for this place.  I was VERY disappointed with the food.  The veggies were good, but the meat (chicken & steak) on the hot pot were really disgusting.  I am still not sure that what I was eating was actually beef, it had a flavor that just didn't resemble anything I had ever tasted and smelled awful.  I am really not a picky eater, but the food at this place was horrible.  As for the atmosphere, it was nice & intimate.  The waitress was kind and her service was fine.  We went in for lunch at prime time and there was only one older couple dining, I think this may be a reflection of their poor business.
Last time I went there the food is very bad.  Fried chicken was head and dry, sinigang na isda has lots of Bones the fish is not fresh, most of the food are cold the shrimp or meat that they put in the dish is very frugal never will I go back there again.  Sorry!
I signed up with Yelp just to write this review. My wife and I moved to AZ recently and we were happy to find a place which sold Cuban and Puerto Rican food. All the dishes we ordered were disgusting!  The fried meat (carne frita) that she ate was dry and flavorless. The mofongo she had was unlike any other we have ever tried. She asked me to try and I just couldn't swallow it. We both love mofongo so that was very disappointing. It doesn't end there my dish was the Puerto Rican plate so I was excited and thought it would bring back some memories of my hometown but it only brought back nightmares. The rice with pigeon peas (arroz con gandules) had way too much tomato sauce... I can go on forever but would rather not. I will just jump to the desert. We thought maybe since the meal was so horrible maybe they could redeem themselves with an awesome flan. When we ordered the flan the waitress said they did not have the large portion but she  could give us the two smaller portions. We said OK but to our surprise the flan was so pale and the taste was so bland. I looked at it carefully and noticed that it had the recycling symbol on it. Who does that!!!  Come on really!  I'm done with this place. I would never eat at this restaurant even if they paid me. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone unless I hated them.
beverages were good, food was ice cold, service was blehh. server never came back with change and we only gave her twenties.. walked out yelling, "THANK U, U CAN KEEP THE CHANGE!" my nice way of being a bitch. ha. never going back, unless someone else is paying. I'd rather take my chances with Florida Cafe.
Oh geeze I loathe this place. It smells like a sweaty swamp full of mold, yeast, day old balls and other unidentified bodily odors. The fluorescent lights blare while the instructors yawn and fan themselves with the list of asanas they repeat session after session ad nauseum. Did I mention it's also 100 degrees and 95 percent humidity in there You will also huddle together as there is always a groupon bringing in the hordes. Don't worry, you will be able to see every inch of everyone's nearly naked body for only a few minutes as the mirrors quickly fog up with your collective sweat.
i really did not enjoy my short time in this awful restaurant. The only reason i came here is because a friend of mine keeps kosher and we couldnt really find anywhere else to eat, so we came here. The service was crap. The waiter acted like a freaking diva, and the food was terrible. We were a party of 5 people, so we pushed 2 tables together. The retard waiter came up to our group and said we cant push tables together, so 5 people were stuffed on a table that was meant for 2 people ( un-freaking-believable).There were no prices on the menu nor on the large overhead lighted up menu next to the register, so we ordered an XL pizza assuming it would be $13-17ish. We then helped ourselves to some snapples which we later found out were $3.50...!!! wtf! who charges $3.50 for a little bottles of snapple!After we finish eating our nasty pizza ( even microwave pizza is better then their pizza) on our tiny table with a party of 5 we ask for the bill.The waiter comes to our table, throws the bill on the table as if hes doing us a favor and walks away...The bill came out to $45!!!! FOR ONE XL PIZZA!!!!!! ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME! IM NOT AT SOME FANCY RESTAURANT!This restaurant is seriously this little ugly 550 square foot room with a tiny kitchen in an ugly area off the strip. Who on earth do you think you are charging us $45 for a pizza. Freaking retards.We left $1 for tip. I even considered that too much.You give us jews a bad name, shame on you idiots.
I must put my 2 cents worth in about Vincents.  I personally will never go to Vincents again.  We went one new year's eve for a friend's husband birthday.  He is French and they are from Florida--so I was trying to make it a special occassion.   I remember very little about the meal because the service was HORRIBLE.  Red wine came after salads had been served.  A white wine sat on our table unopened until we were able to flag someone down--the serving of the meal was uneven at best and then servers got switched mid meal.  For a dinner that cost more than $500--I certainly expected more.  When I called to complain--their offer to me was a glass of champagne and a dessert--to make up for an evening that was suppose to be special on several accounts and turned out to be a disaster.
I dined at Stripsteak prior to going to a concert and I can honestly say that everything about this place was disappointing. The service was terrible! The drinks are way overpriced and they don't even give you a full martini. We had to ask for bread or something because after 45 minutes we had nothing at our table. It took 50 minutes for carpaccio and a wedge salad. Seriously... they didn't have to cook anything. My fillet was good but nothing special. My husband and I were very disappointed since we had both heard good stuff about this place. I would recommend SW Steakhouse or BOA Steakhouse instead.
I recently moved to Phoenix from Las Vegas. I live across from Cheesecake Factory on Camelback Rd. I was hungry one night and stopped in for a quick bite on December 4th. I've always enjoyed their pineapple Mojitos  and the menu variety . I sat at a small table in the bar area. It was literally 5 mins before I was even acknowledged (I timed it)! Then menus were haphazardly dropped on the table. I wasn't offered water and warm bread came out 5 mins later. Meanwhile, the servers were congregating, laughing and joking in the back station, which was clearly visible from my table. I finally ordered a chicken Marsala and that took another 20 mins (I also timed that), to which I jokingly replied to my server (a young, bald AfricanAmerican server with large diamond earrings) "I thought that you forgot about me" His curt reply was "It's gotta cook!"....I probably won't go back to Cheesecake Factory based on this last visit, even though it is across from where I live, even if I am craving a pineapple Mojito. I am discovering that there are many other options in close proximity to me.....You NEVER know who your customers are! I've been in the restaurant business for over 30 years in New York, Paris and Las Vegas and have moved to PHX, to live and open a restaurant here....Oh, yeah, and I happen to be one of the Top Chefs in America:-)Herb
I came here with a party of 40 very hungry Pitt students. The food was amazing. We had roasted beef, chicken, and pasta. The management was lovely and really involved during any party issues. The staff was also very kind and able to keep everyone's glass full, despite our camel like drinking habits. Thank you!
I'm a first time gun owner, who bought my gun earlier this month.  I found that buying a gun was harder than buying a car.  So I finally got what I wanted...  A Springfield 4.5in 9mm XDM.  I now needed to fire it and wasn't sure if trying to shoot my gun at the range would be as unpleasant an experience as going to gun stores to find a gun.  Well, when I arrived to the shooting park, I finally was treated with some respect.  The employees there took the time to answer all of my questions and at no time were they pushy. (My experience at the Pistol range)You need to watch a safety video if it's your first time to the park, which takes less than 5 minutes.  They sell eye protection, ear protection and targets at a reasonable price.  They also sell snacks and drinks.  They only sell 22 cal ammo there. $7 for all day shooting.  Once you pay your fee, you go up to the range and hand the guy behind the wall your receipt.  They then assign you a table to go to.  When live fire is going on, you can be behind the red line, at your table and handling your gun.  You must keep the muzzle of the gun pointed down range at ALL times (loaded, unloaded, handled or not).  After 15 minutes of live fire, they call a cease fire (they give a 1 minute warning before hand) and you must empty your gun of all ammo and keep the action of the gun open and place on the table with the muzzle pointed down range.  You then need to be behind the yellow line.  After the workers declare the range safe, you may go forward of the red line.  Some important things to remember at this time.  When an all cleared is called, this is your time to go and adjust your target.  You can put up a new target, take your target down or place it at a different distance.  You also are not allowed to go back to your table, reload ammo or be between the red and yellow lines (you can be forward of the red or behind the yellow, but not between the red and yellow lines).  So do not leave your targets on the table if you want to put it up during the "all clear".  After everyone is off the range, they will announce when you can return to live fire.  There are a few other rules that they will explain when you get there, but they are very clear and easy to understand.  Either way, the staff there is very helpful and kind.  Couldn't ask for anything more.
Fuel is the ultimate South Oakland place to eat.  It has it all:  great beer selection, delicious food (sweet potato fries and chipotle polka are my faves), half-price after 11:00PM, and good atmosphere.The food here is bar food taken to the next level with fresh and house-made ingredients.  There's still plenty of fried stuff, but it's always done with a twist or some kind of strange ingredient to keep it interesting.The drink menu is full of powerful cocktails (16oz for 6 bucks) - try the 5-speed, you won't regret it.  The beer selection is the real star here though, with a constantly rotating tap selection with some real winners, and decent house brews.Service is spot-on.  Bartenders are knowledgeable and helpful. BOTTOM LINE:  Great food and drinks.  Half-price after 11.  A little step to the left of normal South Oakland fare, and a great place to start or end your night.
My fiance and I got  a Groupon deal for the introductory lesson. The instructor was fantastic. He was enthusiastic but professional and excellent at making sure everyone was having a great time.
If you can get past the golden curtain rods, wall to wall marble and abundant chandeliers....hey no one said Persians were ever known for their decorating(!)...the food is delicious!  Very authentic - I want my koobideh with a raw onion and basil - and this is how it is served.  The food is what it is about and the food here delivers.  The bagoli pollo is by far my favorite and is closely comprable to my grandmothers - but of course, Aziz's is always the best. :)  Seriously go - and if you have never had Persian food - you will not be disappointed.
I love teas.I love sweet teas.Therefore, I like Tea Station.I've tried the Tea Station in Newark several times, and happened to stumble upon the Vegas location on our departure home. Of course, we had to stop in for a drink.This location was not as packed, but that was because it was around 2pm on Monday. We ordered our green tea with aloe and were on the road! It was yummy, of course. The aloe is very fresh and crunchy as opposed to the canned green tea with aloe bits that are mushier.
This place is one of the best coffee shops there is! They are friendly, and locally owned.  They even roast their own coffee!  They are not the fastest when it comes to making your coffee and food, but that is a good thing.  They make quality products.  If you want something that is made fast and tastes like burnt popcorn, you can always go to Starbucks.  People have to understand that this is a locally owned restaurant, and more often than not the owner is also the barista, chef, and bartender. I have never had a poorly made drink, I have never had to deal with a employee treating me like an idiot, and I don't have to speak in code when I want a personalized order.  (i.e. A  zebra, wet, no whip mocha.  Really!) Great coffee, good food, craft beer and fine wine. How can you go wrong with that combinationAlso, they serve paleo dishes if you are into that sort of thing.
This is my favorite yoga studio of the Valley.  Worth the drive down to Chandler.  Not at all trendy.  The teachers here are fantastic and down to earth.  The prices are reasonable.  I prefer the atmosphere of this studio to At One.  I feel the classes at Inner Vision are much more connected to what yoga is all about.  All the teachers are great, but Kat is my favorite.
This is my go to place for breakfast. My bf and I come here at least 1 a week. Everything on the menu is AMAZYing! The people, the waitress and food is what makes us a regular customer!! I really recommend the breakfast and poutine!! Yummmm :)
Flowers for my July wedding turned out gorgeous, I'd highly recommend Mt. Lebanon Floral!  (my bouquetscenterpieces were faith roses with cream hydrangea)
Only true ramen joint in this cultureless barren wasteland known as Phoenix metropolitan area.  Enjoy it while you can, places like this doesn't have long life expectancy.
Ghirardelli can't do much wrong.  I mean, you've HAD their chocolate, right  (There's this peppermint kind at Christmas - and I'm not big on the peppermint - but I think it actually stopped my heart once, it was that good.)  This little shop nestled in the corner of the Harrah's Carnival Court saved my butt many a time during the Swing Dance craze of the late 90s (when the Carnival Court was the only place for an underage dancer to dance, yo!) and still remains a Strip staple of mine to this day.All this Cold Stone crap makes me mad.  Sometimes, I just want some ice cream, and I don't want no crap in it.  And I DEFINITELY don't want a high school kid to sing to me while they make it.  Just some ice cream, please.  And Ghirardelli serves up some creamy, comforting, old fashioned flavors in cones and dishes and sundaes that hit the spot every time.
Freestone Park is a must-visit if you live in or near, or are visiting Gilbert. The 100-acre grounds are beautiful, featuring a man-made lake and waterfall. An 1880's replica miniature railroad takes a quarter-mile loop around the lake, affording a views of ducks and geese. Bring some bread if you dare (the ducks can be quite aggressive!).There are numerous picnic armadas, several separate playground areas -- so if one play area is being dominated by a snot-nosed bully, you can always move to a safer one. There are also basketball courts, sand volleyball pits, batting cages and a driving range, and a 22,000 square feet skate park.But wait! That's not all! There's also an antique carousel, mini-ferris wheel, and a tot-sized "wave runner." Although there is a fee for the train, batting cages, golf & the rides, it is on par or below what other equivalent amusements usually cost. Finally Freestone Park is an excellent place to slide down grassy hills on an ice block. Of course, that activity isn't officially sanctioned, so try-at-your-own risk :)
I have absolutely no idea what authentic African cuisine tastes like, but I have a pretty good idea what skillfully prepared fresh flavorful food tastes like, and Buraka definitely is that.  Their menu has a wide selection of stews and other items. There is lots of vegetarian options but they also serve beef, lamb, and chicken. One can choose to have your dish with either rice or injera. Go for the injera it's a soft bubbly tortilla-like bread that you can wrap your food in or eat on the side. (The taste and texture is so good.) They have items with a variety of spiciness. In general, Buraka is amazing.  Buraka also has a cart on Library Mall, it is a fantastic deal.
I've been going to the Yoga Center for years even though I still go to other studios.   Phyliss is the only Iyengar certified teacher in Charlotte and is a true gem of a teacher.  If you want to learn about yoga or are just starting out this is a great place to start your practice.  If you are experienced or prefer another style of yoga, you can still benefit from classes here as you will get alot of teacher direction and attention and specifics about the poses.   Everyone should try a class here!
Great Mexican at a great price. Margaritas are awesome too. Servers are polite and service is quick. This is our go-to place for Mexican around the gaston county area.
I go here all the time for the giant bowl of noodle soup (I always order 19).  The three-flavored fish is also fantastic.  I have never had a bad experience here--my only complaint is the inconsistent inventory of beer.  My advice is to order the authentic stuff and stay away from the Chinese-American dishes.  I have been at a table where people ordered both, and the difference is like night and day.
I made my first visit to Cambod-ican last night before taking in a show across the street at the Rex. The first thing I noticed when I walked in were the reviews and newspaper features posted on the wall. Apparently this place started off as a humble food truck a few years ago before upgrading to a full restaurant, and it's a bit of a go-to spot on the South Side. I don't spend a whole lot of time on this end of the city, so it's taken me a while to make it down to eat here, but now that I have, I'll definitely be coming again.I had the kuyteav soup bowl, which is very similar (though not identical) to the pho you can get at Tram's, Pho Minh or Vietnam's Pho elsewhere in the city. The broth was delicious, with bits of fried garlic floating at the top. It came with a plate of fixings (bean sprouts and cilantro, though no basil this time, as I believe they were out of it for the night), and a container of roasted chile flakes on the table added the perfect amount of heat. The people I came with had the steamed rice noodles and General Tso's with brown rice, and everybody at the table was pleased with their meal. I snagged bites here and there, loving everything, and I'm going to have to come back to this place again and again to order everything else that looks good on the menu. Cambod-ican makes everything to order, meaning for a lot of things there's a bit of a wait between paying and receiving the meal, so if you're starving you might want to stick to the listed "quick" foods on the wall or perhaps start off with an appetizer. If you're on the South Side and low on cash, or just want a tasty Asian-style meal, this is the place to go. The portions are huge, the prices low and the food is excellent, especially the soup.
Wendy and Paul Hartman have a wonderful gymnastics and tumbling studio here.  Both of my daughters, ages 3 and 5, love to come here!  They are so friendly, as are the instructors that both my daughters have had.  They are also patient and they interact really well with the kids.The gym is clean and organized, with seats for parents to watch through big windows.It's also a nice place to hold a kid's birthday party!I would highly recommend this place to others!
The Park House, thank the heavens above, is reopened after a 6-month hiatus.  This is my favorite North Side neighborhood bar.  It's convenient to the sports stadiums and the North Side cultural attractions, it's close to bus stops for virtually all the North Side bus routes, and it's the only place in town where you're encouraged to gorge yourself on free peanuts and fling the shells on the floor.  (I suppose you probably shouldn't come if you have a peanut allergy.)The Park House prides itself on its strong selection of microbrews and craft beers, especially local beers, but you can get pretty good mixed drinks there if beer isn't your thing.  The menu is undergoing a revamping, but the giant and delicious nachos remain.  (The gyros are also pretty tasty, and they had a Thai chicken special the other night that was delicious.)  The interior of the bar is welcoming and classic, with heavy wooden bar and boothstables, and a painted tin ceiling.    The owner and all the bartenders are super-friendly and nice people.My husband and I frequent the Park House on game nights.  The crowd tends to be friendly and social, but not staggering drunk or trying to hit on people.  All in all, it's my favorite spot to get a beer or three and watch some football.
Pei Wei is the originator and everyone else is an imitator! They're on point. Every time, without fail. I always know what to expect. Fast service, great food and a fair price. My only complaint is the seating. The tables are a little close and it is hard to have a conversation without the table on either side of you being a part of it. Order anything on the menu. It will be a home run!
I'm so thankful that I had the chance to experience this! It's located right underneath PNC Park (take the stairs down by the park) After signing up, a quick paddling lesson, and your life-jacket, you're headed on the river! We had soooo much fun. The view is amazing and unlike any other view of Pgh (even the Gateway Clipper view) There's just something about being right on the river and looking up at the beautiful city.We tried our best to make it far, but you really have no idea how tired your arms get! After about 6 minutes, I let Bobby do all of the paddling and I just sat back and relaxed. He got tired quick too and our kayaking lasted an hour, but we will always remember it! We're going to have to do this again soon this year!It's not an expensive date either. If you're visiting Pgh or a long-time resident & haven't experienced this, you are truly missing out on an awesome adventure! :)
We found ourselves looking for vegan food option like the vegan nazis that we have become. I Called to find out if it was a restaurant or vitamin store given the yelp information. The phone call was pleasant. They are all of the above. The bacon and cheddar vegan pizza was bomb. This might be the first time I actually enjoyed vegan bacon. We also tried the watermelon and jalapeno salad. Although this salad confused the fuck out of my mouth, it was good. The place also had good vibes. Chalk board to draw on and book exchange YES PLEASE
We came here to see the play "You say Tomato I Say Shut Up!" and what fun we had! The stage is visible from any seat, the waitress was never too far and the food was satisfying. We really had a great time and enjoyed watching a play while eating and drinking. Great time and we can't wait to come back for another show.
A family owned, whole in the wall with some of the best tasting, and inexpensive meals.  The owner makes great recommendations, and let us sample new menu items.  They are pretty fast for lunch and dinner.  I have gone in groups with 4-6 coworkers, and we can be in and out within 45 minutes.  they are very accommodating and allow you to order ahead if you are on a time crunch.   They can alter almost every menu item to be vegetarian or vegan, and the majority of the food is pretty healthy.   .
Very good food and great service.  I haven't tried Dragon Court yet so I can't compare them, but I would come back here again.You don't see stuffed duck's feet, jelly fish, chicken feet w black bean sauce, and beef tripe with black bean sauce many places I have been except for San Fran.All the standards of course, like har gow shrimp dumplings, rice nooodle crepes, 8 treasure sweet rice with lotus leaf (which we had yesterday and it was quite good.)I look forward to checking out Dragon Court on my next trip :-)
This is my favorite place to eat. The shrimp, fried rice, steak, sauces, and just everything are incredible. The prices can be a bit high but it is worth it!
My husband and I ventured to Pittsburgh for my birthday weekend.  We have never been to this city (which is amazing by the way).  This restaurant happened to be near our hotel and we liked the menu, so in we went.  WOW!  We could not have picked a better place.  Our waitress Cindy was uber friendly and helpful.  Not only did she go through the menu and give recommendations but she also wrote down places we should visit while in Pittsburgh.  I started with the pearbeetgorgonzola cheese salad which was wonderful.  My husband started with the seafood chowder and though he was disappointed that they ran out of bread bowls to serve it in, the girl who passed out bread gave him plenty for dipping. As for our entrees:  I chose the filet. It was the most tender filet I have ever had - and topped with the blue cheese and hearts of palm and the whipped mashed potatoes and broccalini (sp) it was honestly a taste explosion in my mouth. My husband (a safe eater) chose a combo of chicken and filet.  I told him he shouldn't order chicken bc I cook it all the time, but man, let me tell you, that was the most amazing chicken I have ever tasted!  Really.  His plate was served with stir fry veggies.  He is not much of a veggie eater but said, "I have never been so excited to eat vegetables!  Even the veggies were amazing! We both agreed that this was one of the best meals we have had. Ever.Go there.
I love this place!  Great atmosphere and friendly service every time I go!!
This is what a REAL English pub is like. Well, granted I have never been to England but knowing one or two things from a friend, this is the real deal. Granted do to US health standards getting a proper Guinness is not possible the standard ales are available.The folks next to me ordered the chicken pot pie, and  the REAL fish and chips...dang that looked great!Here is a cool hint. Authentic Shepard's pie is cooked with LAMB! Any other type of "Shepard's pie" with ground beef , or mutton, is really cottage pie.
