If you are into crooked haircuts and terrible customer service, this is your salon.
My first impression was not good already. The food does not have good quality and NOT fresh. But we gave a benefit of a doubt because it is VERY cheap. Appertizers for $2 is a good deal I admit. The second time we came, the customer service was BAD. We ordered a vietnamese sandwich and it never came, we had to tell the server to ask when our order came. And still we had to wait 10 minutes, my husband waited for his sandwich the whole time I was eating my food. Recommended if you want cheap food and dont really care about the quality and the customer service.
utter waste of time if you are considering selling quality items of gold andor diamond jewelry. with no written appraisal or evaluation, a vague verbal offer is made for considerably less than any pawn shop in town would tender. if you are happy after doing business here, it equates to your being absolutely without a clue. this is the clientele which they depend upon when paying less than scrap for whatever you may bring in. avoid this establishment just as you would the plague. i strongly suspect that the lame fav feedbacks posted do not emanate from arms length transactions. caveat emptor!
My friends got everyhing from steak(they didn't even get a well done steak right) to mahi tacos and the only great menu item was the seasoned vegetables- give it a miss. Sing sing next door is awesome but get dinner somewere else. After we were done the waiter asked if we were ready for the checks and I had ordered meal that came with a desert! Really dissapointing all around.
My boyfriend and I went here on a Sunday night and we had a buy one get one coupon. I was able to get a salad, and he got a fish sandwich. The bartender was our server, and he was able to man the bar and tables. Everything was awesome. I am a very picky eater, and he was able to order the food for me the way that I wanted it. We recently went back and sat on the patio hoping to get the same kind of service. When we presented another coupon, the waitress obviously wrote us off. The funny thing is, is that with a coupon we are better tippers! We were forced to order off of a limited (more expensive) menu. I asked to have my food cooked plain, without extra calories from dressing and sauce, and no matter what I tried to order, it could not be modified. I ended up getting the Mahi, which if I didn't need to watch my weight would have been delicious. However, with medical issues, I am unable to eat certain things. The waitress told me that it had to be cooked in the soy marinade, but on top of that, it was loaded with an alfredomayo kind of sauce. Talk about calories galore! I tihink that she told the chef to pile it on. I ate none of it. The atmosphere is nice, and the beer list is okay if you like Belgium beers. They do not offer anything light except for Amstel Light. The server tonight had way too many tables, and seemed to focus on larger groups. We have decided to "write the restaurant off." We have both worked in the restaurant industry for many years, and we were dissapointed in the date night experience. If my meal wasn't half price, I would have sent it back, and I have never in my life complained about a meal.
This buffest reminded me of a Las Vegas buffet except all the food gave me heartburn.  I'd been to a hometown buffet before so when my bf suggested it I relied on my memory of the experience and agreed to go.  Unfortunately my memory must have been jilted by the occasion or this Hometown Buffet was just bad, I dont know.  what I do know is that the food is cheap, about 10$ per person.  It is also soft.  And by this i mean everything is overcooked.  And it all gave me heartburn that lasted all day.  So will I be back  Maybe in about 10 years when I've forgotten about this experience.
Had the chili relleno omelet, recommended by the waitress. Very over cooked and thin, a couple of canned chili's in the middle, way too much cheese. I believe the cheese was thicker than the omelet. It was topped off with some canned or or jarred taco sauce and a dollop of sour cream. Only potatoes they had were frozen tater tots or potato "shredded" hash browns, which looked exactly like a McDonald's hash browns. I ordered rye toast which was some type of ryepumpernickel swirl that tasted like neither. I had wanted pancakes instead of the toast and potatoes but this was not a option. It would have cost me an extra $6.25. No thanks. The only saving grace was the coffee tasted good but was $2.75 for a small mug, with the thermal pot left on the table; pour your own.Total with tip was $16.06 with a 15% tip. To top it off, they have an improper ventilationhood system in the kitchen for I walked around the rest of the day smelling like I worked there. Sorry, cannot recommend on any level, except maybe coffee to go.
Thought I'd try a new Filipino restaurant in town, but I left very disappointed. Arrived at the restaurant and was immediatley greeted by the staff. We ordered the two meat plate wth pancit, pork adobo, and rice. When we asked for lumpia, we were told there was none left and to try again during lunch time. Next problem was that my girlfriend's pancit was cold, so the lady asked us if we wanted it microwaved. When we answered no she threw it in the trash, and gave us some more. The pancit was slightly warmer, but not much. The pork adobo was tasty, but all of the floating fat made me lose my appetite a bit. Rice was a little mushy but the banana lumpia was delicious! I also appreciate the lady not charging me the credit card fee to buy water.The restaurant had plenty places to sit but there were some serious sanitary issues. When I went to throw our food away, I noticed both trash cans were overflowing with garbage! I could not believe it. And being honest, I had to use the restroom before I left. Unfortunately for me I had to go 2 and there was no toilet seat! Unacceptable!Fiesta is a lot closer to me than other restaurants, with cheap prices and big portions. However, with all the sanitary issues we noticed, I'm skeptical.
Now don't get me wrong, the cakes are absolutely gorgeous and they are moist, but they are cloyingly sweet and "single noted". With the rave reviews they had I thought I would splurge and pick one up for a family get together, but I was sorely disappointed. I could have made the same (or better) from a packaged cake mix and saved the $35.
The worse "Chinese food", even the white rice which came with the ogle sweet and sour chicken is really bad.  Please don't eat this food.
Disclaimer: This is based pretty much on service.I went here with my mom before going to Wicked. It was 5:00pm and the show was at 7:00. We told the waitress we were on slight time constraints and she seemed to understand.We started off by ordering the chef's appetizer. A mix of appetizers for two people. That came up in maybe 10 minutes. The actual appetizer was pretty good, although mostly fried, which is a downside. We ordered our entree at the same time as the appetizer. We decided to split a shrimpscallop dish. After receiving our appetizer we waited for THIRTY MINUTES. The waitress didn't stop by. Didn't say anything. So we just sat and talked and picked at the appetizer. Finally she came over and said "we ran out of scallops, do you want to order something else"At this point I was pretty annoyed that 40 minutes after ordering she tells us the item is out. So I told her, "we've been sitting here 30 minutes and you just now tell us" She replies, "I was waiting for you to finish your appetizer before putting in the dinner order."WHAT I've been a waitress before. I understand pacing a meal. She should have put in the dinner order when she delivered the appetizer. Not to mention we had been finished with the appetizer for 20 minutes before she came over. Had she stopped by the table or asked she would have known that.So we left. At that time it was already 6:00, so we only had an hour before show time and the restaurant was starting to get busy. I've heard great things about Himal Chuli so I may give that a try, but I won't be back here.
All I can say is thank GOODNESS I paid $15 for this Groupon!  This place does not even deserve a one star! I recently moved to the Phoenix area from California and have been searching for a good yoga studio. I LOVE Groupon and was happy to see several studios I can try out before I purchase a membership.  I have been practicing yoga for several years and have never been so offended during my yoga practice. While I understand that there is a particular flow for HathaBikram yoga (which I prefer Vinyasa Flow), I always try to push myself a little farther with what I have learned in my previous practices at different studios. In the middle of class, I attempted a slightly different pose from what was being taught (without interrupting my fellow yogi's) and the teacher called me out in the middle of class saying "Can you please do the same pose as the rest of the class" (in a derogatory tone) I was absolutely offended by his gesture so I rolled up my mat and walked right out of the class. I sincerely apologize to the other yogi's there for walking out in the middle of class and interrupting their practice but he could have been a bit more tactful with his approach. Perhaps pulling me aside after class and letting me know this was not okay with him would have been more appropriate. So rude! Perhaps it was rude of me to assume I can try and progress my yoga style during his class but I always had encouragment from my previous teachers for pushing myself to evolve in my practice.In addition, because of the Groupon, the class was extremely packed and there was no room to move or do the poses correctly.  Also, the studio has carpet (which is different than what I am used to) and it is really disgusting! Sweaty, dirty, nasty and probably filled with bacteria. eew! I was already planning on looking for another studio and this incident made me look sooner!I will never visit this place again and will never recommend this place to anyone. Take my advice and keep looking for another studio!
Terrible service! We were overcharged thanks to the waiters inability to split a bill - each couple on a separate tab - a normal thing to do in a restaurant - NOT HERE! They tally up the whole table and divide by the number of credit cards given and charge each one the same amount regardless of what each couple ordered. Do not make the mistake of going with friends and expecting the restaurant to be able to give separate tickets seems you have to sit across the room from each other and pretend not to know each other in order for that to be possible. Food was not what it used to be. Will remove this restaurant from our list of places to go.
Based solely on the pollo saltado "peruvian fajitas", which was the only thing I tried, I probably would never eat peruvian food here or anywhere else again.  It was all the worst things about bad chinese fast food dark meat chicken, only with no sauce to hide that fact, served over soggy french fries and rice.  I wanted to try the ahi de gallina, but they didn't have it when I was there - I don't know if that was temporary or permanent. I'm not sure if I'll be able to stomach going back to try again to give it another chance.
For a brewery who is attempting to take advantage of Oktoberfest you wonder how at 7 pm they could be out of mashed potatoes & sauerkraut then a sausage platter with sweet mustard guess they have not been to Germany. Not worth $5.95 unfortunately the sausage platter was $15.95.
Restaurant seemed mostly empty. Was given a pager and was told no more than 10 minutes to wait. 20 mins later i was seated. Waiter was very friendly, but a little too sparky for me. Took a half an hour to take our dinner order. Have been here over an hour and still haven't gotten my food yet. Wait. Just came. How am I supposed to eat this whole burger with this little bitty cup of ketchup Smh. My daughter ordered her burger medium well. It was burnt to a crisp. Food over all was bleh.  Service was friendly, but horrible.
The food ain't bad.  But their predatory towing practices are.I parked in front of a sign that said customer parking only.  I was a customer, and my car got towed.The owners of the business say its not their problem, its the owner of the parking lot.  The owner of the parking lot says its not his problem either.So, my $30 meal just got a $120 tax added on to it.
THIS PLACE HAS THE WORST SERVICE EVER. I used to love going here when they first opened but something has gone terribly wrong. They were out of 2 of the 3 menu items we tried to order, which we were informed of nearly 20 minutes after putting our order in. When we finally did get our food, half of it came. Eventually we did get the other half, after those who got their food were finished. The quality of the food was awful. The server forgot the second round twice. We had to go up to the bar and wait about 15 minutes for someone to acknowledge us to give us our tab. At the bar there were other people complaining about the poor service. Needless to say I am never going back; which is a shame because this could be a really great place.
Servers are chatting, not paying attention to tables. I can see my salad is ready at the window. Worst serves ever.
Not sure if this has changed hands, but the gyro I got had minimal meet at best. Big dissatisfaction. Won't be back
The service was absolutely horrid. The waitress disappears for ludicrous periods of time. It took us almost an hour just to get water. When we finally got food, it was average at best and way over priced. On top of insult to injury, our group was charged 18% gratuity for the awful service. Our group got there around 7pm, and we didn't get to leave until 1030. We finally had to go track down the waitress to get our bill. I don't recommend going there. Typical overrated Scottsdale eatery.
We called to reserve Havana Grill for June 24th, a Monday. As you can see the website shows open on Monday and it was confirmed for a party of 16 for that day. We all show up and it's closed and the sign says closed on Mondays. I had called a couple of days before to ask if I can bring a cake for our party that Monday and she said oh yes, she checked to add that to our party reservations. They lost out because another restaurant seated all of us for the party! I won't go back, unprofessional service.
Wow, I just got back from shooting my bow here and I will never go back! From the moment I walked in the door these guys were rude and condescending. I know a thing or two about customer service and I have been shooting competitive archery for over 5 years, they missed the mark.I said "I would like to use your range" and the guy asked me "what for" Really What for You see this bow case in my hand buddyThen I wanted to use a allen wrench and they gave me one that was all stripped out, when I told him that it was no use he suggested that I purchase an allen wrench. He had at least 10 in a drawer right in front of me but he told me that they were for store personnel only, not customers. I stayed for the full hour as an hour of range time is the minimum purchase. In the future will go somewhere where my business is not such an inconvenience.
I was Extremely disappointed  with Capital Grille. I dine there during Queen's Feast Restaurant Week yesterday. i was very excited because i only heard good things about the place . To Start the evening off there weren't any seat left inside the restaurant so we were escorted to a dining room outside the lobby. There were so many terrible things that occur that evening where do i begin. First the ceasar salad was the worst salad i have ever had it taste like a 2 day old bag salad you get at your local grocery store. it wasn't fresh, i was missing courton in mine. Next it time for the entree.  2 of my  guest ask for a med-rare skin their  steak came   super well done . so dry i didn't know if i was filet mignon or A cheap dry roast beef.  She returned her and it came back out much better . I had the chicken breast that  once i got to the bone it blood and under cook.  and to finish the even off they were out of the cheesecake, and some of the guest  got the flourless coco cake which had molded rasphberry on her plate. yikes . it almost went in her mouth. I would have expect better quality of food for a 4 star restaurant.  She got her meal for free due to all the mistakes. but i didn't get antything for my bloody chicken. I will never go here again. :-(
Let me start by saying, if zero stars were an option, that's what they'd get! Not once, not twice, but I made three separate visits to Luna, each one worse than the last! I will speak of my last visit because it's fresh in my mind!It was Monday night, 10032011 around 6:45pm. I stood at the door for the better part of 10 minutes before I grabbed my own menu and finally seated myself. I saw the waitress running around the restaurant, frantically trying to accommodate everybody. She finally made her way over to me and took my drink order. Since I had ample time to look over the menu, I already knew what I wanted and had placed my food order at that time as well.I ordered the fried goat cheese as an appetizer and the Filet--cooked MEDIUM! My goat cheese came out about 5 minutes after ordering. Looked great...but she forgot my bread. When I got her attention and asked her for the bread that is suppose to be served with the goat cheese, she told me they didn't have any fresh bread ready, but there was some in the oven. Needless to say, 10 minutes had passed before my bread came out! Now my goat cheese was cooled and not easily spreadable! From that point, I waited for an additional 15 minutes before my meal came out. It looked great! The seasoned fries that came with the fillet were pretty good. As I sliced into my fillet, a pool of blood came gushing out!!! I cut the fillet in half, down the middle and spread it apart. It was so red and bloody, it almost looked purple! The center of the fillet was cool to the touch! I immediately got the attention of the frazzled server and brought it to her attention. She apologized and took the steak back to the kitchen to be put back on the grill. I sat and waited another 15 minutes before I saw my fillet again. It was the same piece of meat brought back out with fresh garnishments. I parted the fillet once again, only to find my steak was just as bloody and bright red as the first time! Now I'm livid! It was once again, cool to the touch! Keep in mind, I'm paying almost $30 for this dinner, without appetizer or drink. I brought the server back over and asked her if she thought my fillet was cooked medium...she hung her head in shame, apologized once again, and agreed with me that the fillet sitting in front of me was nowhere near medium. She pulled the plate back and was going to take it back to the kitchen when I stopped her and told her to box it up, and I will take it home and cook it myself! I gave Luna 2 different opportunities and around 90 minutes of my time, only to be disappointed again! I boxed up my fillet, paid my bill, and left the restaurant mad, once again! The only thing she did to compensate me for my experience was, a free drink. Meanwhile, I paid a $42 bill, for a horrible dinner, for myself! The service sucks, their attitude is horrible and the food is so overpriced! If the owner would call me today and offer me a free meal, I would hang up on her! I'm never going back! I've wasted enough time and money in that place! If you choose to go, best of luck!LUNA GETS SHUT DOWN FOR HEALTH VIOLATIONS!  PLEASE READ...http:cu-citizenaccess.orgcontentnew-records-show-more-restaurant-inspection-failures
They made me wait over 30 minutes for my first appointment, yet if you are late 10 min you get cancelled and charged $10.  Front desk tried to charge me a co-pay of $35 yet my insurance covers 100% with no co-pay or deductible. Would not recommend. Find a better place to get your physical therapy.
If you think this is an authentic Philly Cheese Steak, you have clearly never been to the city of brotherly love. The one star is for the bun, it actually was pretty good. All down hill from there.The "steak" which seemed to be just as quality as a SteakUm you would get in the frozen section at the grocery store, was greasy and lacked any kind of seasoning! The only flavor was from the onions. Definately not returning, not worth another try...: (
Very disappointing. Too expensive for what you get. They were just going through the motions without any emotion. Food had no flavor. A lot of veggies very little steak or chicken. My son and I ordered different chicken but both orders were prepared the same. Had to ask for more water. Still eating when take home boxes were brought out. I felt like I had wasted my hard earned money.
I've been dining at Pei Wei locations all over the Valley for years and years. After moving to Ahwatukee from Central Phoenix a couple of years ago, this location became the closest to me. It used to be reliable and consistent but the last several times I've been, the quality has really suffered. A few months ago I ordered some take-out for my family.  After getting it home and going to eat my meal, I realized that my order was very wrong.  Now I'd become accustomed to this location forgetting things like sauces for the appetizers, napkins, soy sauce and fortune cookies (things that are supposed to be included with take-out), but my dish was inedible to me.  I called to complain, the manager was apologetic and offered that I come back and pick up a replacement OR he would send me a gift card to replace my meal.  Since I have an infant that I needed to get to bed, I opted for the gift card.A month or so went by and my husband suggested Pei Wei.  That's when I realized that I never received the replacement gift card!  We ordered and when my husband picked it up, he mentioned the issue we had the last time and they gave him a discount.  As usual, things were missing from the order (no appetizer sauce, napkins, fortune cookies, etc.) and the food was just okay.Tonight we ordered again, this time the food was just horrible.  Bland, no taste whatsoever for either of our dishes!  I ordered the new Korean BBQ with chicken (I had it before) and really liked it.  My husband had the same but with tofu and vegetables.  Neither of us thought the food was good at all.  The sauce which is normally very tasty was so bland and watery that it literally ran off of the chicken.  The 'salad' that comes with it was wilted and soggy, clearly not fresh.  And as expected, no sauce for the crab wontons, no napkins, no soy sauce & no fortune cookies.  I don't think we will be going back anytime soon - at least not to this location - they really need to get it together.  We're tired of the issues every time we eat in or get take-out from here.
We had never been to this restaurant before, but it was highly recommended by some of our Arab friends. Several people at our group bough a Groupon for this first experience. Service was mediocre, i expected much more for the price, the waitress took a very long time to come take our order (there were only three other tables in the entire restaurant.) I looked at an empty glass of water numerous time, and when we asked about dessert the waitress told us that we could get up and go look at the display! Food was delicious though, I'll give the kitchen staff that much.  When it came time too pay, the waitress took the first bill along with the groupon, charged it and then proceeds to tell the rest of our party that she can only accept one Groupon per table. So, not only did I pay for the Groupon, I also paid for the full price of the meal! The food might've been delicious, but it is not worth the terrible service. Will never go back to this establishment an will not recommend it to anyone else.
Being Vietnamese I've had tried tons of Vietnamese Pho restaurants and Tram's has to be one of the worse place I've ever been to. The food was mediocre and full of MSG. I ordered a rice vermicelli dish with egg rolls and they were oily and greasy. The Pho was nothing special and place was small and looks dirty. My total bill doesn't reflect the price of the dishes I ordered. My bill came out to be higher than what's listed on the menu. Maybe because I'm vietnamese and being a visitor to Pittsburg for the first time, they think is ok to overprice their dishes on a Sunday night. Although the old man at the place is nice, this place doesn't deserve the stars that's given. I don't recommend this place to anyone especially my Vietnamese comrades whom may visit to Pittsburg looking for good authentic home town cooking.
Came here with the family last night. Service was mediocre. We asked for some pepper and the girl looked so confused. We ordered five dishes and they all were either too salty or had no taste. The only dish done well was the the garlic veggie dish which is a standard at any Chinese restaurant. All around disapponting.
Waiter was awful and food (pad thai) was not much better. Apparently letting the waiter know that your soda is flat (twice) is a huge inconvenience to him.
Closed for business
Don't do it unless you like that I wish I hadn't feeling. Checked out because it was on DD&D's - will not go back. Over cooked over sugared food service Chinese , disgusting gloppy beans, facility itself is filthy.
The store has a weird rotting meat smell sometimes. The selection isn't amazing but there are a few interesting items here. As other people commented there are always people hanging around outside.... But they are friendly at least to me! One thing I like about the store is the proximity to my house. The biggest let down is the sky high prices that I think GE is notorious for... I miss Kroger
Avoid it. Owner is crazy and does not treat customers with respect.
Ordered 1 cebiche de pescado $10.95 which contained :2 onces sweet potato2 full regular potato1oz chanchita( peruvian deep fried corn)4-5 onces big chunks tilapia fishAt first I though it was too much fish, but then I realized it was a big sliced red onion underneath the fish!!! Was this an onion cebiche or a fish cebiche You can see a picture of how the cebiche looked like, I just uploaded it. Its the one that says "the smallest cebiche I've ever had"
Been yelled at by other customers (today for instance)...place is super ghetto...avoid at all cost. Today, left a full cart bacause a woman (with a baby in a stoller) shouted at me for "cutting in line". Will never go back. At night it is a nightmare.
After passing by this place a couple times, I've asked my co-workers if they've been here, and said it was nothing really special. Then I've checked yelp, with all the positive reviews I saw, I was sure my co-workers were wrong. I decided to stop by the place 20 mins before closing, tried the chicken & the beef, I really wanted the empanadas, but they said the fryer was down, but i doubt that, seems like they wanted to get a head start on closing. Got the chicken & beef arepas. It was a small portion, but really stuffed with the meat, seems a bit overpriced for $3.50  I only ate half of each, it did have flavor, but it felt rather bland, it tasted like a mix of a packet of taco seasoning with some enchilada sauce. After all the rave reviews here, I am quite dissatisfied with the food and the service, and the co-workers were definitely right about this place. I have to agree with the previous yelper review, place is totally over rated!
As a huge fan of Mediterranean food, I am disappointed that I will not be going back to the Casbah. This is even more disappointing since this is the only Mediterranean restaurant in a reasonable walking distance from my office for lunch. I have given the Casbah three opportunities to make me a devoted fan. Every time I have placed a to-go order, it has either been the wrong order or on two occasions the chicken was raw.
A bit frustrated as we drove all the way over here to meet some friends. Our friends were at the bar waiting for us but there was a lady at the door not allowing us in because they someone was having a 'rehearsal dinner.' They put a sign on the front door, 'we've reached maximum capacity' and that was just tacky. If you're having a private party or special event, turn off the OPEN sign and put a sign up that says Private Event Tonight.
Horrible injera, it was NOT warm or fresh at all. I have been to many Ethiopian restaurants. They explained that I must have gotten injera from places that serve fresh injera out the oven. Wth
Just had a question. Wanted to know what time their happy hour starts and ends. After going online the their mobile website I confirmed they have happy hour everyday. What time it tsarts and ends is not listed. Tried to call the restaurant and got a recorded answering advertisement that went on way too long. Hung up the phone without talking to anyone. Screw you. I will take my business elsewhere.
I walked up while the manager was cashiering. He was talking.inappropriately about a girl who.asked for an application and made it very awkward when ordering. I dont appreciate sexist people so I'll order from Auntie Anns now.
This was my 2nd trip to Ibiza. It has great decor and we really like tapas, so we decided to try it again. The first time we were VERY disappointed, the waiter was not good and the food was actually bad. So thinking we must have just ordered the wrong things we went back. The waiter this time was excellent. Unfortunately the food still horrible. The best thing about the meal was the free bread. I do not recommend this place at all, it is expensive and the food is not good.
I wish I hadn't wasted my time to drive all the way out to this factory.  When I pulled up I couldn't tell if it was open as the parking lot was empty (should have been my first clue).  It was about 2p on a Thursday and the factory part was done for the day I guess as no one was working.  No free samples just a decades old video going.  No employee greeted me or even noticed I was there.  BIG WASTE OF TIME!
Rules made by men. Check them before you book this church to get married or any other event. Their restrictions are far beyond respect and more on the ridiculous side. Stay away from this church.
Horrible service and the food is not comparable to any other Ruth Chris I have been to and I've been to them in 10-15 different cities. My rib-eye was all fat and the waitress was so snotty we wanted to throw our drinks at her. Save your money, this place doesn't deserve to be named Ruth Chris. I've had better steaks at the Outback Steakhouse!!
My husband and I both got food poisoning from eating here. What a horrible experience. We both had to go to the doctor. It is four days later and we are still sick as a dog. We did not eat out any where before for 72 hours. We both shared the same dish. The doctor said they are probably reheating the same dish over and over, and thus making people sick.
I love sushi and japanese food.  I was looking for a gem.  My wife and I tried Musashi and she got food poisoning from the teriyaki chicken.  My sushi was decent, but it did not make up for the chicken.  Obviously.  Granted this dinner was a few months ago, so hopefully they have improved.
We were here 3 - yes I typed three - hours for a meal with two little kids.  Very long waits between the courses with no attention from server.  Of the three hours at least 60 full minutes was spent without any food in front of us.  But the best part, incorrect charges on the bill.  Wines prices upcharged on actual receipt to 1.5X the price listed on the menu.  I asked the manager on duty why there was a discrepancy and he went behind the bar, got some cash and gave it to me.  Now mind you, it was of course, no where near the amount I was overcharged but I guess it relieved his conscience.  He handed me the money and said "It will take me too long to find out who your server was and look up the transaction, so here you go."  Unreal!  Food was average to below average and prices for what you get were a real rip off.  Original style broth that was recommended was so chock full of pepper you were downing water all night - if you could get a refill.  Save your money and time - go buy a fondue pot and do it at home.  You do all your own cooking here anyway so why not.  Will not return.  Hope this saves others a bad experience as well.
Horrible Food don't waste your moneyThis is the worse cardboard covered cheese & sauce so called pizza I've ever had, I haven't had this garbage since grade school cafeteria food, Most of the reviews on here rant about what a great place this is how much fun you'll have there. IDK where that place is cuz the one I wan in today in East Liberty by the Home Depot was getto beyond belief the food is bad & the people aren't nice & friendly.Loudness is an issue there when the lottery area has a sign saying because of back round noise your number may be wrong. Not one person there had decent customer service skills I had to ask the girl 3 times to speak up and I have excellent hearing. I ordered a small pizza I got a medium that was greasy on top but the crust was stale. I looked forward to getting some great pizza man this place really disappointed me today.
Saw the prices for a paddle boat, $15 on a regular day. Rented one for 4th of July, $75 and $100 for every 15 minutes past 10pm. Absolute rip off. No wonder there was only 5 other boats on the lake. Would NOT rent from them any day simply because of this price hike.
This is for service as this is my first experience at a Panera...visited this location at 730 AM as it's next to the hotel I was staying at.  Looked up the menu the night before  because I wanted something to eat before my flight out.  Wanted the "Pick 2" deal so ordered a panini and a broccoli cheese soup.  Response from cashier was, "Ee don't have soup right now."  Ok, would be nice if u explained why.  I can only assume soup isn't served until later.  Soup nazi  Lol.  As for the chipotle chicken panini it tasted good.  Nice amount of spice and still warm when I ate it back in my hotel room.
Horrible food and horrible service pita heaven or pita jungle are much better and priced the same :
The restaurant is under new ownership, and just reopened in the last couple weeks.  The previous owner carried the recipes over from the original owner, Myles.  They were excellent authentic Cornish Pasties.This new owner must not have gotten the pasty recipes in the deal.  They currently only have a couple breakfast pasties and one lunch menu option, the ground beef pasty.  So I went withe the ground beef pasty.This pasty was like eating an unseasoned dry hamburger wrapped in slightly overcooked pie crust.  There was no hint of potatoes, onions, or anything but ground beef inside it.  The portion size was about half the size of what the original pasties were.  This actually was fine since it took a full can of soda to make it through the size that it was because it was so dry.I will not eat there again.  I can't wait to see what will take its place next.  Too bad since Teddywedger's has been in that location for decades.
I thought the food was mediocre at best but unfortunately the whole family group of six really despised the food and the decor passionately.We took the lunch buffet which was cold and not at all tasty.Their Ethiopian flat spongy bread crapes (injeras )had too much baking soda, it was bitterly unappetizing. The bean sauces and vegetable dishes tasted like leftovers from some days ago.  We did our best to barely eat what we could, since we figured that we would get a big fat bill.. we have had the best ethiopian food at several places.This place does not even come close to it.Very disappointed with the food .We were the only ones  the restaurant.We should have taken the hint.I would certainly not recommend this place.
I was dismayed by the poor service at the VetMed location.  After purchasing a pricey Roasted Red Pepper w smoked gouda soup, I was handed a cold soup and told to heat it up in the microwave.  Unsanitary and unprofessional.
This place is a zero-star dive. In particular, do not eat dinner in the depressing restaurant.
How does this place even stay in business. It's disgusting. The food is crap. Everything is filthy. All the waitresses look like crackheads. They screwed up a club sandwich & fries. How is that even possible  It deserves negative stars for sucking so badly.
I had made a reservation for Valentines Day and they messed up our reservation. Our reservation was for 8:30 pm so we showed up at 8. When we got there it was a complete and utter mess. They had overbooked there reservations and a guy behind me said their reservation was for 7 pm and it was 8:10 pm by now and they said they hadn't even been sat yet. But it didn't matter because they couldn't find my reservation. They ruined my wife and I's Valentines Day plans and won't ever go back and won't recommend any of our friends go there either.
Overall was very disappointedthe good:service is good, waiter and servers were friendly and prompt with food. the bad:the meat was overcooked mostlydecor needs updatingkind of pricey for the quality (Spent $100 with tip for two drinks, two meals, bottled water)only one guy brings around the meat....seemed awfully rushed
I live off of Liberty Ave and everyone kept telling me I needed to try this place, so after 4 months I did.  When my wife and I walked in I thought, this place doesn't look too bad, actually kinda cool.  WRONG!  After being seated it probably took 5 minutes for the waitress to come over and another 5 minutes for our coffee to get to the table.  Our food took about 45 minutes, which is absolutely ridiculous for standard breakfast, but I though, everyone thinks this place is great, I guess I can wait for perfection. The food gets to our table, it looks good, it looks like breakfast, but it is cold, well mine was cold.  So I'm sitting at the table, empty coffee, cold breakfast and quite pissed off, because of the situation and I'm hungry.  Finally after about 10-12 minutes the waitress comes by and asks how everything is, I tell her my food is cold, and I'm fine and don't need another plate, we had already been there over an hour, we had placed to go, ya know.When the waitress brings the bill over she doesn't just tell me she took my food off, she says, I figured I would take the food off even though you didn't ask (really  should I have to).Wife's food was hot, but she thought it to be just average breakfast.I never want to go back, but I will, because I always give places another shot.Terribly slow service (server was very nice though, probably home from college), and food took forever.  I doubt this place puts out cold food on a regular basis, because this place wouldn't be so packed and highly regarded.
Service was very nice and pleasant.  I was ridiculously excited when I saw my plate filled with a ton of different type of meats, however I'll keep this short and sweet, unfortunately had to be the blandest tasting food Ive had in years.  Incredibly disappointing.
My husband and I were the only Caucasian Hispanic couple in the joint so I guess we got the visitors (non-ethic related) plate--one that was bland, skimpy, cold and had a hair in it.  I can't help but to notice that the BAD food is for the Gringos. Sunday was busy, we dressed casually and got the the bad joke about my hubby's t-shirt from the waiter. There were plenty of casual exercise wearing families there.I would have been very upset had I felt like I dressed for a special occasion and received this Extremely Bad Food. Big deal on the decor, the inside looks like an over the top gaudy and old fashioned ethnic restaurant. My husband and I would have rather eaten at a fast food (forbidden for us) restaurant! Lamb was a cheaply cut, marinated in water and pounded to separate the grizzle. A measly 4 1 inch pieces that aren't even 1 inch solid chucks of meat. Seriously, I can cook Persian food MUCH better.  The plate made the portions look large.  The service was fast but the portions misleading and a TOTAL ripp off.The waiter never checked on us. And how do you eat chunks of raw onion with basil and bread Who wants to be around someone after eating raw onions--GROSS! I would give this zero stars but the yogurt dip was the only good thing.PS: Groupon sucks for carrying this crap
this place has good food but horrible service, they do not write down the order, they do no repeat your order to make sure it is correct.  they make you wait in the heat till they are done with what they are doing. there very expensive for being fast food - they charge you for everything, they have no "meals" but they make you purchase the fries when you didn't ask for it...not fair that is why the place is empty, people will try it once and never go back!!!
The one lonely star is for the ambiance and decor, which I did find appealing. We ordered a pizza and KP noodle bowl. I got my noodles quickly and actually finished the dish before we realized that the pizza had not arrived. Went up to the counter to find out that the cook had burned the pizza and had not started another one, so we went ahead and ordered another noodle dish. 20 minutes later they brought the wrong dish with ingredients specifically asked not to include. The manager gave us 3 dollars back as the pizza was actually $5 more and did apologize, but by then we where to tired to ask for a full refund.
Is there anyone in customer service at Sweet TomatoesSoup Plantation  A couple of months ago there was a gift card promotion, so I got 1 for my parents' anniversary and 1 for me to use.  My parents used their gift card on their anniversary and should have gotten the Senior discount of $7.49 each when they go before 4 pm; they went around 1ish.  They were charged the regular adult price.  On top of that the cashier did not give them back their card.  A few weeks later when I meet my Mom for lunch and we talked about their gift card, she said they used it all during the ONE visit for both of them.  I went online to check the balance, then called the customer service .  All they can do was take down my information and someone will contact me.  That was 3 weeks ago.  My parents live around the corner from this location and we all come here often, but after I use up my gift card WE won't be coming back.  I will find another place for us go.  Talk about ripping off people - how does it feel to rip off the old folks Sweet Tomatoes
Wow, this is my 3rd time trying to post a review, and each time it has been erased when I go to press submit....I came here based on the awesome yelp reviews and was VERY disappointed. The food was awful. I am not vegetarian nor vegan so I am not knowledgeable in appreciating good mock meat, but I CAN differentiate between tasty and unappetizing.Artichoke Dip was watery and looked like light greybrown colored gunk.I got the Thai Peanut Noodle Bowl with tofu and was only able to take a couple bites because it really tasted awful. I typically really like eating tofu too. Please believe me in that I am not a picky eater and it is very rare for me to dislike a restaurant meal.My boyfriend got a mock beef dish that had this underlying soy flavor. One plus about both our entrees was the amount of veggies in our dishes, but we couldn't even pick out the vegetables because of that strong background taste that lingered on our tongues.
UPDATE!One of my favorite dinners to pick up is (was) Fresh Mint's vegetable fried rice, which in my numerous other experiences consisted of rice, vegetables, tofu, and veggie meat all pan-fried in some kind of sauceseasoning. I ordered this tonight, choosing once again to overlook the ridiculous prices and terrible customer service for some delicious food. When asked which kind of rice I wanted, I said brown, and I asked for the onions to be removed. I was told my food would be ready in 20 minutes, so I arrived in 30, knowing FM's slow nature, only to be told (not very politely) that my food was still cooking and to wait. 25 minutes later, I finally got my food, paid, and left without so much as a "thank you for waiting" or "sorry for the wait". Oh well, at least I knew my food would be as amazing as always. I rushed home, and alas! It was time to chow down on my.... burnt and unseasoned WHITE rice, chock-full of onions, missing the veggie meat, and with only 3 pieces of tofu! Uh oh.Lesson learned: the drive and the money you'll spend to eat from Fresh Mint will get you nothing more than almost an hour of wasted time and food far different and worse than what you ordered. And after I've supported you all these years, FM Sigh.
Photos and decor are better than the taste of food...
Fail.They serve food till midnight, so we rolled through here at 11 PM on a First Friday. The waiter kept forgetting things we asked for... water, menus, etc. French fries - oops chips - tasted like they had been sitting out for a while. Cool and mushy... not my idea of a good chip.My clam chowder was kind of thin though it tasted OK. It was lacking potatoes. Kinda weird. Ordered a Strongbow cider on tap... and it's flat. Since the server was nowhere to be found, I went up to the bar. Bartender: "Oh the cider is usually a little flat! Don't worry about it!" (WHAAA) Me: "No - it's really flat. I think my water is fizzier." Turns out it was the bottom of the tap and there's none left, and they aren't opening another till the next day. So no drinkey drinkey for Adam. Fail! Friend ordered some sandwich, she seemed to like it but it didn't look too thrilling to me. So whatevs.The wine list was pretty shallow. Other friend ordered some "fruity tart" type flavored white wine. She said it was "tinny" tasting and not good. Fail.The pool table takes up way too much room such that it's impossible to sit around the wall and not be poked by sticks. After being poked 3x by this daft fool I tapped the back of his cue ball and messed up his shot on purpose, because I was about to get it in the ribs. The paintings of the Queen and Churchill kind of suck, in a 7th grade kind of way. It looks like Queen E's hair is floating slightly above her head. I will not be back!
Just awful. My companions each ordered an Alfredo pasta and they both honestly thought (through the entire meal) that Roland's had served mashed potatoes on the pasta.We thought "maybe it's a 'burgh thing."Nope, we were informed at the end of the meal by the waiter that it was indeed Alfredo sauce and that the chef "just liked to use a lot of parmesan cheese in his Alfredo." This stuff was about the consistently of cold oatmeal with oil poured over it (no exaggeration) and there was a bucket full of it on each plate.Anybody who would serve what was on those plates has no business whatsoever in any kitchen. By the way, my lobster roll was a buttery, greasy fail as well.What a complete disaster.
I am sad people lost their jobs but I am not surprised.  We stopped in and stood and waited for 15 minutes to be seated, staff walked by us the bartender looked at us but they all ignored us.  Was it because we had kids   Not kid friendly at all, in the end we just walked out.
I won't be returning. Today, I picked up an order for my friend and I. They read back the order and it was exactly what it should be, but when I got to work, they had not put a rice krispie bar in even though they charged us for it. Additionally, my Japanese Pan noodle bowl left much to be desired. The carrots were uncooked (even though they were supposed to be) and "topped with cilantro" means one slimy spring of cilantro with 2 leaves on it. My friend's pasta was burnt. Burnt! While I like Noodles & Company in general, this location is lacking.
how come this place still open. I will think because the people that come here have never try REAL TAPAS so they don't know the real flavor.This place is really bad. The restaurant sell tapas well let me tell you this  place  is not tapas plus the chef here need to go to Spain to learn how to cook some real tapas.   The paella was really bad no flavor, the sangria no good. No stars from me
Poor service and food. I waited 20 minutes at the bar for someone to just acknowledge my presence. They finally brought my food out and left it without asking for me to pay.... So I had to wait an additional 15 minutes to find someone to pay. Yes, I had to TRY and give them money.On to the important part... Food was terrible. I had a burger and it was pathetic.
The place gets 1 star for several reasons, most of all for trying to serve crap under the guise of freshly prepared tapas. One such example is their so called spanish tuna which they get from the can and afterwards add some sliced tomatoes and serve it to customers. I come from a cultural background where many of those eastern European dishes are common in our household so I know what those things ought to taste like, I cant say they were terrible but it was definitely not worth the price. Also having gone to Barcelona myself their so called jamon iberico was just another sliced up pork and nothing like the iberico from Spain. The squid stuffed with its ink came semi warm and had a nasty fish taste to it rather than what they make you believe. a combination of bad food, bad service, trying to make you believe that their food is something it's not (dishonesty) gets this place the 1 star review. It's no wonder that we were the one of two tables occupied in the whole place. Stick with firefly and your will be a lot more happier.
Horrible, bad don't eat here. Staff doesn't care about service or quality of food
As I have noted in other reviews, I am a recent transplant from Venice Beach, CA and have decided to dive right into the scene!In LA, there are tons of wonderful Ethiopian restaurants to choose from, so I have been checking out what Las Vegas has to offer.  I began my journey at Meskerem last week (see my review) and decided to check this place out. I read a post ( don't think it was on Yelp) that said that Cottage Cafe was better than the spots in Little Ethiopia in LA. That's a bold statement! Needless to say, I had to see what the hot fuss was about.I called my order in as I know that Ethiopian joints can some times have service that is SSSSLLLLLLOOOOOWWWWW! I placed an order for the vegetarian combination and the lamb stew. An order like this from most Ethiopian restaurants is typically enough food for me to make into about 6 meals. Perfect as I do not want to cook in 105 degree weather! The first woman who answered had to get someone else to take my order as she could not understand the simple phrase, "I'd like to place an order to go".... Anyway, I ordered (with a bit of apprehension) and proceeded to head over thinking that surely my food would be ready by the time I got there. I live in Green Valley and the restaurant is around the corner from UNLV. You would think that that would be enough time....Of course there were no customers in the place when I got there (about 9 pm on a Thursday night) and the chicks behind the bar looked put out to have a paying customer walk in the door. When I said that I was there to pick up my order, one frowned up at me and asked what it was and proceeded to write out the ticket and take it back to the kitchen. HELLO! The point of calling it in was so that it would be placed and ready for me to pick up! The other chick never said a word and just disappeared into the back somewhere! Wow!After standing at the bar and watching an episode of Real Housewives of NY on their big screen TV, I finally got my order. Long story short, for $23 bucks, I was expecting more food, more flavor, and some form of service ( a simple 'Hello" would have been nice)!When I got home I was pretty disappointed. The portions of veggies were way smaller than I am accustomed to, and the lamb was way dry. Unlike one reviewer, I know it was definitely lamb (not dog or cat meat like he said---tee hee hee :-)), but the bone to meat ratio was pretty high and I had to add my own Ethiopian spices to it! Don't know how anyone could give this place more than 1 star, but I would avoid this place at all costs!  Never again will I return. For the first time in my life, I am NOT looking forward to the left over Ethiopian chilling in my fridge. Being tipsy helped it go down okay last night. Might have to try that again for the remainder!
The food was great but the service is some of the worst I've ever experienced. The manager, Samantha, really needs a lesson in customer service. Completely rude!
They served left over pasta. Yes it came out of portioned zip locked bags. Sauce was absolutely not fresh, nothing was! With the amount of great restaurants in montreal that serve fresh food, it hurst to pay for less than passable food. Stay away!!
Been here a few times and it is usally good. We came here tonight and ordered Pupusas de revueltas and horchata. Well the hoechata was not the kind im used to (mexican style) and it was horrible to me. We asked the waitress for waters and she took offense to us not liking the drinks. We got past that. Our pupusas came our fairly quickly and were nice and hot. Too bad they were the wrong kind. We felt bad and didnt want to offend the lady again so we ate them. They gave us bean and cheese. I hate going to a place where you know there will be a language barrier and we came all the way across town from red rock area and we get the wrong food. We could have easily sent it back but it was hard enough to communicate the horchata ordeal. If you come here be sure to bring someone that speaks spanish or else theyll hardly talk to you and mess up your order.
Make no mistake, this is a booze cruise and is not family friendly.  We had observed the booze cruise of tubes from one of the recreation areas along the Salt River, but still wanted to give it a try as my daughter was finally old enough to go.  We thought that father's day might be a little tamer than the usual outing.  Who knows, it might have been.  Everyone brings marshmallows and litters them throughout the river.  One group had marshmallows the size of bricks.  I had to pick up one to figure out what it was.  Drunk people will also shot their water guns at you for fun, even if you have a small child.  Probably because they are drunk.  Some children through some water balloons at my wife.  When she confronted them, the father asked her what she was going to do about it.  This is a good representation of the type of people on the river.  I can see how this would be fun for social drinks, with or without kids, I suppose.  Bring your alcohol, and when you're done with a can, throw it into the river.  The bottom is lined with cans.  No glass is allowed.  It is also expensive for tubing compared to other tubing trips I've been on.  But guess what folks, that's how a monopoly operates.  High prices and poor customer service.
Not recommended if you're not white. For me, it's the third time somebody threw out racial slurs at my group. I am beginning to think the place is for rednecks and the like. D&B bowling lanes are better.
Before now, I've never been ignored by sales associates when the store is virtually empty. Maybe the exhaustion from all of the weekend's sales drained all of the sales luster. Despite my fitting room request light being lit for over 5 min with no attendant ever coming to my assistance, I still managed on my own. Spending over $100 at an establishment deserves at least a little customer assistance.
if your over fifty and want to get into archery do not go here; 1 sold me a recurve with no documentation from the manufacture aka warranty2. got six arrows as long as a semi. 3. fletched arrows with no consistency of the feathers, should have been wht one out.4. attitude was OMG a beginner and not even considering a compound what a waste of our time.............
The service is probably the worst I have ever seen for such a popular restaurant.   So I take my customers there for a fun night of drinking and great food.  It was a disaster!!!  The waiter was very unprofessional and basically screwed up the drinks and apps and a few dinner selections!  The appetizers came out at the wrong time! The dinner was a joke because 13 of the party got there dinner with no sides.  30 mins later the sides come with another 13 of peoples dinners and one of my clients literally waited for a hour after everyone else had already eaten.  The worst part was that a few members of the dinner left before others even got there dinner because they were sick and tired of waiting.  Who can blame them!  Now let me tell you about the God awful food!  I think i have had better Chinese food at those neon light Chinese food for 99 cents lol.  The Mongolian beef was probably the nastiest food I ever tasted.  It was under cooked and just simply a low grade of food!  When I take out my customers usually I get thank you emails instead I had to write 10 emails saying how embarrassed I was that I took them to such a crappy place!  I will never eat there again and I hope the go out of business!  Very unprofessional, very nasty food, and just no reason to go there!I have called them many times to complain but they make it seem because they gave 200 off my bill which was literally nothing we are even.  Well forget that Until I get an apology I will not stop!
I usually never have a problem here, but I just got talked to like I was a pile of crap stinking up the place.I came to get snus and they were out of the regular flavor and I was like shucks and the guy (beady eyes, dark hair, mustache, glasses) just sort of looked at me like he was already tired of me. So I asked "when are you getting any more in" You know, a normal customer question when things are out of stock....and he just huffs and says in the most contemptuous way possible "UH well MAYBE at the end of NEXT WEEK after we MOVE to the NEW LOCATION"...with a scowl on his face while shaking his head and turning to his pipe.I was just taken aback and said "oh you're moving huh" and he whips his head back scowling 'YEAH, we're MOVING", continuing to shake his head and turning away as if I should have known all along and just inconvenienced him with the dumbest question he's ever heard. Well excuuuuse me, I didn't get the memo! It's not like I came in seconds to closing or that I was interrupting him while he was busy, there was nobody else in the place. So I just silently walked out, never to come back! Obviously I'm not welcome anymore. Way to think that one through, old BOY. I wished I had said something but this is more constructive. No use trying to reason with that cantankerous, condescending old codger attitude. I need to quit anyway, so thanks for helping me kick the habit. Seriously, how about take a vacation or try exercising once in your life already, if that's all it takes to unload your bad day or moving woes on regular customers you're expected to treat with common courtesy. You know, since your brick and mortar tobacco industry sort of depends on it....that whole free-market thing...
I have never gotten an order correct from this specific McDonald's. I'm not sure what the problem is, but it is never, ever right. It is never quick. The staff is always rude. After trying at least 12-15 times over the past year, I've finally given up hope on this place. Do not recommend.
Quality went down, there is no cheese in my poutine!!! Poutineville is a screw now!!! Junk
They were very affordable but it was definitely a "get what you pay for" situation. I had hired them for clean up and they did a half-ass job. I had to repeatedly ask them to go back when they said they were "done" because they still had left a tone of weeds in the ground and ones they pulled up just laying about. The leaves were not completely picked up either. Also only one worker spoke English so it made it difficult to communicate with them. I will never hire Snappy again or recommend them. Get your moneys worth and go somewhere else.
AWFUL, and we didn't even stay to eat.. Had a Groupon,walked in no one greeted us or came by to seat us. I walked to the back and asked "Do I set myself" she said ya just sit. Most tables were dirty so we picked one that looked clean. After we sat down we asked the waitress if she could clean the table as it was all sticky,She apologized and said they were busy. NOTE there were three other tables sat at that time. I told the waitress we had a Groupon ,she said" We don't take those anymore" I asked her why not she said let me check. A different person came over to us and said ya Ill take it but you cant order from that menu, She took away the menus we were looking at and replaced them with one much smaller. The menu we were suppose to order from had two choices for appetizers and two choices for soups. Very limited. A few minutes later the waitress came back with the larger menu opened to the app page and said you can order any of these( there were seven options) she then proceeded to say except this this this and this. Out of the seven apps we could order, three were available. There was not a beef or chicken option in the bunch. She then told us that one of us could order the shrimp fried rice. I pointed out that the Groupon said we could both order it,she said no.After looking at my companion we made the decision not to stay. No one was friendly and no one cared if we stayed or left.. With about  90 Asian restaurants in a half mile area I'm pretty sure we could find another place to eat that would appreciate our money.
The crepes served by this establishment might very well be the culinary embodiment of a mind-exploding, toe-curling, orgasm.  I say, "might be" because on my recent (and last) trip there I didn't have an opportunity to sample them.  In fact, I didn't eat anything at all.Please let me explain.The restaurant is located in the basement of a building off of Walnut Street.  Customers are expected to wait in a line that stretches from the entrance, through the main dining area, to a counter where the crepes are ordered and cooked.  It's a horrendous setup for multiple reasons.  First, there aren't many tables.  When I went there on a Saturday morning, there were at least 20 people standing in line for the ten or so small tables.  Second, the restaurant expects you to wait in line, standing next to tables of patrons who are eating their food, until a table becomes free.  At that point, the woman at the counter takes the next order, a man begins preparing the crepes, and the front of the line is seated while everyone else continues to wait.  Those who have waited long enough, are finally able to sit, while hungry and impatient diners-to-be stand next to their table and wait some more.It's a horrible atmosphere, and not one conducive to a pleasant dining experience.The dining space is poorly designed, so that the line of waiting patrons snakes directly though the middle of the cramped dining area.  Which means that when you are waiting, you are continually bumped by servers shuttling food to the tables and dirty dishes back to the kitchen.  When you are eating, you are likely to: 1) have a bunch of hungry people staring at you eat, waiting for you to leave your table, so that they may be seated; andor 2) have a standing person's ass within a few inches of your head.  What a great dining atmosphere!What's all the more annoying is the lackadaisical work ethic of the people who prepare the crepes.  More than once during my wait, the man making the crepes just stood around, not making any food, waiting for another table to open, so a party's order could be taken, and he could then prepare the next order.  After waiting 15-20 minutes while hungry, becoming increasingly annoyed at being bumped at least 2 dozen times by serves traversing the line, and then seeing the owner stop making food until another order was taken, I said to myself, "enough of this nonsense".My party and I left to go to another restaurant.  I've not eaten any crepe in the world that would justify a long wait under such annoying circumstances, and I will not be back.
I thought I'd try Wah Kee based on the reviews.  Big mistake.  Maybe delivery is the wroing way to go.  I wanted to go safe with a new choice for Chinese.  Pot Stickers and Pad Thai noodles.  The pot stickers were just a big ball of dough with some filling. Absolutely the worst example of a pot sticker I've ever had.  The Pad Thai noodles were completly dry, completely void of sauce.  I put every packet of soy sauce, hot sauce, and pot sticker sauce they geve me, just to try and gag it down.  No luck.
Update: Remember the friend thand had eaten the food with a fly Well, today his wife just told me he has been going to the bathroom all day. I think he got food poison They're going to be reported to the Department of Health, Chandler City, and BBB.--------We always eat here when we crave Saigon Pho. Today was the last we eat here. Here's why .We ate with 2 other families. One of the families got their order wrong. Instead of apologizing,  the server kept pointing at the menu telling them that they got what they ordered. Then, my friend found a dead fly in his food. Disappointed friend talked to another  server about it. You know what the server said instead of simply apologizing  She said "you sit by the door so the fly must have gotten in and on your food." My friend's wife said that the fly was already under the food.  Server replied, "no, no, no, no!" She should have just apoligized so they could have moved on. They even had the audacity to charge them for the plate with the dead fly. My friends paid for it anyways. I could tell that they were trying to get rid of us. The other server gave our check even though we were still eating. He kept coming back for it thinking I would put my card on the bill. Later,  I see a server putting a shaved ice desert on our table. We didn't accept it. My friend said the damage has been done. All they needed was an apology,  but instead, the rude server kept on with her attitude.  Finally, the couple asked for the number of their manager. Rude server was upset. These people need to learn about customer service and ethics. I never make reviews.  When I do, it's  something everyone has to know about.
This Goodwill is a disgusting, stinky, disorganized, picked over mess.  I have never found something that was even worth the trip here.  Skip this one and go to the one at 16th Street and Indian School Road.  Trust me, you'll thank me later.
I purchased a discount coupon for wine flights from Living Social for this restaurant, knowing we would be on vacation and may like to try out a Pittsburgh TapasWine Bar.  We had a terrible experience using the voucher, which is released via Living Social by the restaurant itself (it's their choice to put out this coupon), for those unfamiliar with Living Social.  The manager on duty on Friday night told the server two different things when we challenged her on the interpretation of the voucher.  We paid $15 for a "Wine Flight for Two," and she tried to say that we had to "choose one under $15 as the free one."  What free one  Can't she read the coupon they offered  We paid $15 already to get the voucher!  So it ended up being more expensive to use the voucher.  I would not go here again, based on the fact that they are trying to rip people off.  I'm also filing a complaint with Living Social, because they do a good job providing this service to those who use online coupons.  They don't need restaurants like this giving them a bad name.  As for the flights and food...they were okay.  We had two flights of wine, and some of the wines had been open way too long.  We also had a cheese platter and chocolate mousse.  The mousse was good.  But they didn't even tell you what was on the cheese platter.  For a tapas bar, that is very unusual.  The cheeses were nothing to brag about.Our server (Jacob, also the bartender) was great though!  He apologized and tried his best to resolve the situation.  Unfortunately management wasn't as concerned about guests in her establishment.
The first time I went to Ground Control, the service wasn't the best, the baristas (sp) weren't very welcoming and the breakfast food wasn't very good either. I decided to give it another chance, and l have no future plans to go back. Stay far away from the chicken salad as we found an unwelcome visitor mixed in with ours. So unless you like to eat bug sandwiches I'd steer clear from this place.
What a treat!  I was looking for good Indian food and found the reviews on Yelp for Z Grill, and drove to the grocery on a Sunday evening just in case they were open. Turns out this is now a restaurant instead of a grill inside a grocery store.  This is how we stumbled upon the Sunday evening buffet. The atmosphere is totally "family-run business."  I believe the owner seated us, and was pleasantly attentive, but also friendly.  The experience at this place feels something like you are being welcomed into the owner's home for dinner. A beautiful young woman in brilliant emerald dupioni silk helped out.  There was a large table of what appeared to be cricket players, not something I am used to seeing in Phoenix restaurants.  Nor am I used to seeing restaurant patrons pray on prayer rugs, which one quietly did.  The room is quite darkly painted, and the decor quite utilitarian, quirky, which only adds to my expectation that this is going to be an authentic and delicious meal.  Not disappointed in that.  The buffet had been hit hard (hungry cricket players) but there was still plenty and it was delicious.  I am not going to be good at recalling everything by name, but the dal was awesome, tandoori chicken flavorful and moist, a cream chicken dish even better.  Aloo gobi SO good, as was the chickpea dish (don't recall its name), nice tray of condiments, with ample cilantro sauce, and chopped cucumber salad.  There were more dishes I was too full to try including beef nihari, and maybe lamb or goat Fragrant really long grain rice.  Water in a cooler.  Hot tea.  Sweet rice and Banana custard for dessert. This will be my go-to place from now on.  Can't wait to see the lunch menu.  Also saw some lovely naan being delivered to other tables, but was sadly too full to try some.
This place has the best pita sandwhiches i have ever had.  Their pickles and hot sauce are my favorite ingredients.  The only thing that sucks is I typically want to go on Saturday and they are not open.
I used to think that Whole Foods was too expensive and only for vegetarians. Boy was I wrong! I freaking love this place. They have everything from fresh meats, cheeses, fruits, produce and so much more. Their cakes and other deserts are utterly amazing. This is also where I fell in love with Naked Juices. They are delicious. The only thing I don't like is that parking is a bitch at times.
This is a really great gym! It's very well maintained and always clean, the equipment is in good shape, and you just can't say no to towel service. The staff and instructors are tremendously nice and helpful, and the crowd is laid back without the "strutting" that you can see at other gyms. I never see it packed or desolate, so there's always a good atmosphere of activity without having to stand around waiting on equipment.
We have been to Angkor many times.  We are never disappointed.  I always try to have something new, the husband sticks to Pad Thai.  He loves it there.  We love the Angkor salad and the soups.  Wish we lived closer... but it's worth the 40 minute drive!

So many varieties of gourmet meat pies, and so tasty! The service was great and the outdoor patio was a nice place to enjoy the meal. There were deserts, but I can't imagine using any room in my stomach for anything but the pies.
It was such a treat to be out here after a couple of days of rain in AZ. The dessert was in bloom and there is absolutely nothing like running dessert trails in the beautiful state of Arizona. Because of time constraints, we opted to loop around Treasure trail for a short runhike. I was really sorry not to have brought a real camera. It was so beautiful out there. Like any other state farms, I would not go on a weekend to enjoy the park more.
Fish tacos were excellent!! Great brewed beers on tap as well!!!!!!
Amazing!  From start to finish this place was incredible.  Great french host (Mgr).   Great french waiter, helpful and funny.   The support staff was way above average always, plates cleared and drinks filled in a timely manner. I REALLY like the fact they don't rush you and try to flip tables, we were there about two hours. This is a quaint little stand alone restaurant that also has a small bar and a few tables out on the patio.  I'll be back soon just to visit these areas.   We started with a nice bottle of french wine.For the appetizer:Brie en CrouteCreamy Brie coated with toasted almond slivers andwrapped in puff pastry, then baked, served with toastedbaguettes and port reduction The main courses:Poitrine de Porc ProvencalePan roasted pork tenderloin crusted with herbs d'provenceand served with sweet corn and goat cheese polenta fritters,sauteed pea tendrils with grape tomatoes and leek fondueAnd...Coquille Saint-Jacques a la SophiePan seared Sea Scallops served over sauteed ricotta gnocchiwith a citrus and shaved fennel baby arugula saladfinished with tarragon beurre blancFor Desert:Raspberry BruleeChambord soaked fresh raspberryinfused in vanilla creme brulee----- I need to get creative and come up with more birthday's, anniversary's, holidays, or some other random reason to splurge on a place like this more often.
Bomb. I love the tri-tip here. Well done!
The shakshuka was off the hook! Great place, friendly staff, nice atmosphere. We enjoyed it very much. The best dairy kosher restaurant in Vegas!
Love this place & all the staff here! Been going here for years and I couldn't ask for a better facility with such great people especially when I'm ill and need care! All friendly and helpful... Especially Keisha and Dr. Crystal H!
Visiting Vegas for a Star Trek convention this past weekend, my wife, son and I wanted to try something different than what was offered in the resorts and we wanted to be away from the strip.  So we ventured to the Korean BBQ place that we found through Yelp.  Not all the reviews were favorable but we gave it a shot There was a decent amount of space for parking and immediately found a parking spot.  As we entered the establishment, we were quickly greeted and asked about our dining needs.  We told him that we wanted Korean BBQ and was led to our table amongst many other BBQ diners.  As we sat down, we were asked for our drink requests -- easy, waters (3x) please.  A very pleasant young woman came to our table and handed us the menus.  The prices were very reasonable and they even had a AYCE Korean BBQ & SushiSashimi combo.  Again, the prices were very reasonable and to our surprise, they were having a promotion of giving $5.00 discount off the prices we saw printed on the menus.We told her that we wanted the AYCE Korean BBQ.Minutes later, our drinks arrived which was followed by the usual Korean side dishes -- Mmmmm kimchi and spicy lettucesalad.Let the AYCE Korean BBQ begin.We ordered 2 AYCE dinners and 1 12 price AYCE dinner for our son.First round: - Beef Bulgogi - Samgyubsal (pork belly) - Dak Bulgogi (chicken) - Jukoomi (baby octopus) - Gyeran Jjim (steamed egg casserole) - Gyoza (dumplings)Second round: - Joomulluk (boneless short rib) - Saeng Deung Sim (steak) - Steamed riceThird round: - Chadol (beef brisket) - Galbi (short rib w bone) - Gyeran JjimAfter all that, we called it quits and asked for the check.  All throughout the dining period, we were checked upon, they made sure that we had our meats available for cooking.  In general, we were quite pleased with the entire experience.As we got up from our table and proceeded toward the exit, we were asked to come again.  Unfortunately, we leave for home (Maryland) the next day.I will make a note of it to visit the place again when the opportunity presents itself.
Really good Indian cuisine. Beautiful interior and great food. They'll give you the option of how spicy you want your food on a 1-10 scale. They appear to have a buffet option, though I haven't had the chance to try that yet, as it's for the lunch crowd only.
I consider myself a soul food connoisseur and when I tell you this place was the best, it was really the best.  I have tried every soul food joint in Charlotte and around the united states and consider this one to be at the top of my list.  Where should I begin  We took our family of five here after church.  The children all ordered the fried wings and loved them.  My husband ordered the meat loaf, loved it!  I ordered the smoked pork chops, loved it.  Between the five of us we had green beans, sweet potatoes, mac and cheese, turnips, rice and gravy and corn muffins.  They were all extra great with a special asterisk by the mac and cheese and sweet potatoes.  We continued on with the sweet potato pie and the cherry cheesecake.  Excellent, Excellent!  Extra "woo woo" that they do accept credit cards.  The price was reasonable because it included everything.  Our bill for five came up to $52.00.  That averages to $10.40 per person that included our wonderful sweet tea and dessert.  I will continue to return here.  Menu varies from day to day so call before you go.  I can't wait to see if they fry fish or serve liver and onions!!
So many niceties abound, it is hard to think of McNinch House as a restaurant, but more like a royalty experience. Candles galore, soft classical music, table settings reserved for heads of state as attention to detail and your dining enjoyment is the only goal of the owner. 
Awsome....I recieved one as a Christmas Gift from my accountant... it was amazing... I will definatly get one for my self next time around... Cream cheese frosting was almost better than the moist chocolate cake. It's almost too bad they have a hole in the middle...
I've been hearing good things about Sonoma Grille for a while and just hadn't had the chance to try it.  A night out to the theater was the perfect opportunity.  It was fantastic.  I started with a delicious mesclun salad and had the Study of Duck signature dish for my entree (though it was a grave diversion from my current diet plan!)  It was so worth it!  It was a trio of different duck preparations, all very unique and tasty with the perfect veggies mixed in.  Delightful small profiteroles for dessert finished off the meal nicely.  The service was excellent.  Our waitress was very helpful in helping us understand the specials and various options, as well as helping us decide when we were overwhelmed by the many wonderful sounding choices.  The ambiance was very soothing--we enjoyed exchanging glances with those at the table next to us admiring each new course as it came out.Yes it's somewhat pricey, but I left perfectly satisfied and spent less than at several other fine dining establishments of late.  Especially looking to the other options downtown in the cultural district for a pre-theater meal, most of them boast much high per person price tags.  I can't wait to go back to Sonoma Grille--my struggle will be to see if I can tear myself away from the amazing meal I had this first time to try something new!
Bistro Porto is now closed and has been replaced by Poutineville. I wish I knew if they just relocated or what because this was my favorite Portuguese restaurant by far. :-(
This review is for Oakhouse  the Capitol Square Farmers' Market (CSFM) location.They are not exactly an underground bakery at the Farmers' Market,  but they certainly don't get their deserved props.  Oakhouse's delights include breads, donuts, scones and specialties are loaded.There are other bakeries at the market including Stella's.  Based on the crowds and the number of reviewers on Yelp, Stella's gets all the love.   However, based on my consumption of their breads and pastries while also comparing prices and customer service, Oakhouse backhands Stella's with a silicone pastry brush (granted, Stella's has the moistest and most flavorful cheese danishes in the area). I have always appreciated Oakhouse's efficiency and consistency.  They are very organized package bakery perfectly.  I never had anything smushed by being jammed in (like other places).  They rarely struggle with stocking or maintaining an attractive display.  I have never felt ignored or frustrated by cash handlers.  These are amazing accomplishments factoring in the madness of the CSFM.My change your life recommendation is their Napoleon. It is the eclair's hotter sibling. Oakhouse's offering is a ginormous & gorgeous pile of puff pastry, vanilla cream and vanillachocolate glaze decadence.  The layer offers dynamic and perfect flavor combinations vs. the eclair's often disappointing cream to pastry ratio.Next time you go to the CSFM... sting Stella's and make a beeline to Oakhouse.  They may be -1 on product marketing, but more thank make up for it on their delicious delivery.  Once you save time, a little cash and make your sweet tooth sparkle, you can thank me later.
This little Polish restaurant tucked in downtown Glendale is authentic and warm. I went for lunch and had the tomato, basil, and mozzarella sandwich, which was outstanding! Next time I go, I will try out some of the more "polish" dishes such as the sauerkraut and sausages.It is only open a few evenings a week for dinner but it is BYOB or bring your own wine..a hard to come by perk in most Glendale restaurants.
anyone who's either mexican or is married to someone who's mexican knows one of the world's great hidden truths: mexicans love chinese food. maybe it's the fact that historucally mexico has had a high amount of chinese immigrants (mexicali, baja california used to be 91% chinese) or maybe it's the fact that both populations have had a history of being used as cheap imported labor and then kicked out of the US (Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882, here we come again!) but there's no denying that when mexican families go out for a nice dinner, there will be chop suey involved.i think the owner of Chino Bandido is somehow in on this secret, and has exploited this to great effect. they figured out that orange chicken, refried beans, and fried rice do, in fact, go great together.don't think too much about it, just go there and try anything. tell the person at the counter that it's your first time there, and they'll give you free samples.
I'm in love.  Totally, completely in love with the bundt cakes here.  Especially the chocolate....which I could sit on my lap and eat with a fork for a few hours.  Mmmmmmm!  It's so rich and moist, with chocolate chips mixed in and thick cream cheese frosting.  Yummmmyyy!!  Anywho.I was introduced to Nothing Bundt Cakes through my roommate's mother, who sent her one for her birthday.  Since then, we've ordered them for any special event or birthday.  I've been to this store in Ahwatukee and the new one in North Scottsdale.  Both stores are small but adorable, with some extras for sale like t-shirts and cards.  You can choose from the larger cakes, which you should order ahead of time, and then the small individual sizes if you want to try a new flavor or have just had a bad week.   :)I believe they do delivery now too, to a limited area.  Very cute idea for a birthday, holiday, or special occassion!
The always busy Firefly has been the site of many dinners over the years. Firefly is always packed and I have never had a bad meal here. Is there better tapas in the world Yes, of course there is, however for atmosphere, service, location, and consistency this place gets five stars. The crazy thing is that it is reasonably priced as well!! Make a reservation for dinner here and you will simply not be disappointed no matter what the day or time. Go late at night and a DJ is usually playing, and the scene gets just a little prettier
I've been to Casablanca Cafe at least ten times now. I typically go with a small group of friends in the evening (after dark) and the atmosphere is great for it. I almost always order the crispy chicken plate when I go to Casablanca and at the end of our meal we have hookah. But I'm sure, as my friends agree, the other food is just as good.Staff is very nice and the atmosphere very inviting and relaxing, especially in the evenings. There are a few televisions running Arabic music videos and always some kind of ArabicMediterranean beats playing. Highly recommended!
Absolutely the best bakery I've been in ever! The cookies are delicious. The nut rolls. & coffee cakes are heaven. Put on your bucket list to eat an almond torte. It is extremely memorable. I will dream about Minerva's delicacies until I return to visit the Burgh again. Btw - the staff is the best.
This park is beautiful! My son and I just had a photo session here and it has some amazing backgrounds for pictures. The lake, waterfalls, bridges, trees, it has a little bit of everything. It has a cute little "play" area for children, it has a carousel, a train that travels through the park, little boats and a tiny ferris wheel. You do have to buy tickets to ride the rides, but it's not too expensive. You can get a sheet of tickets for like $16 and that is enough to go on all the rides a few times! It is a cute little place to take your little ones. It is quite large so there is enough space for anything you're looking to do. There was a huge birthday party on one side while we were there and a wedding going on on the other side. I will definitely be going back to enjoy an afternoon with my little fella!
Wandering around Quartier Latin, this is the ONLY bar I was even interested in going inside of. What a great beer selection! We ordered dinner at 1AM and the food was great. My brie veggie sandwich came with salad and fries, and their Saint Bock Porter was awesome! This is literally how I felt when I walked through the Latin Quarter: Punk BarStrip ClubDouch bag BarSports BarThank GOD for St. Bock and it's down to earth crowd, friendly waitresses who didn't mind my butchered french, early 30s crowd that was having a good time but not sloppy, and late night kitchen, and excellent beer selection. St. Bock saved my night.
Great place to rent kayaks for a little bit of exercise and sun...
Donatelli's Italian Food Center, Inc is next to O Yogurt in Bloomfield-Little Italy - Best prices and fresh food ever. We cannot wait to go back. Really awesome. We Love Our HOMETOWN PITTSBURGH :) YOU HAVE TO STOP here. I mean they have "EVERY THING" and it is really the BEST PRICES anywhere :)
I love, love, love the Crown and Anchor.  I really don't go there enough for as much as I love it.  I was brought here on a horrible blind date my mom assisted on setting me up with once (thanks mom!  i know you read these!  he took me here and I was underage!  the HORROR!) but I don't let that sully the place.  It's lovely.The fish and chips are bully.  They are fabulous and greasy and perfect.  In true British form, you can get a bunch of peas OR if you want you can ask for Heinz beans with them.  I bet the rest of the menu is great - my friends eat from it a lot.  (A pastie doesn't just belong on bosoms.)  I'm boring and stick to one thing.  Their beer selection was unparalleled until a while ago, but that doesn't mean that their selection is any less stellar now.  (A full list to follow.)This is the only place in town to come and watch soccer matches with some actual Brits, Scots and Irishmen.  On Thursdays they have quiz nights with cash prizes.  Darts are always available - real ones, not the wussy plastic ones.  If you see me there and don't like it as much as I do, please don't throw one at me.Beers:Bass AleBlackthornSmithwick'sBoddington'sBudBud LightTetley'sCoors LightFoster'sWyder's Raspberry AleHarpJohn CourageMcEwans ImportOld Speckled enNewcastlePilsner UrquellPyramid ApricotPyramid HefeGuinnessWyder's Pear CyderRoclling RockWexfordFat TireSierra NevadaStella ArtoisKronnenbergAnchor SteamAbbot AleCarlsberg
I can't believe this place got a bad rating!!! Sure, it's not a 5-star restaurant, but you can't beat the price or the food!!!Why would you order french fries at a Greek restaurant I want everyone to disregard the previous bad rating about this place. I live about a block away from Salonika's, and I absolutely love it. The first time I went in, I noticed that it was rockin while every restaurant nearby was empty. Very good sign, trust me!!Sure, there are no waiters. You order at the front counter and linger around until your food is ready, but I've never had to wait more than a few minutes. The food is absolutely amazing!!! And cheap!!! My boyfriend loves the chicken with pasta, which is exactly what it says it is: pasta with chunks of chicken. It is lightly seasoned, but no heavy sauces. And it's amazingly filling. I always get the Greek salad or the pastitsio. The greek salad comes loaded with onions, feta, olives, and jalapeno peppers that are marinated in some kind of garlic marinade. And there is always enough dressing!!! Homemade dressing at that. The pastitsio is definitely an acquired taste. It's like a greek lasagne, but without cheese. It consists of a large layer of very spiced beef, then layers of noodles and a cream sauce. I bring a lot of friends to Salonika's when they trek downtown to hang-out with me, and EVERY SINGLE PERSON I have introduced to this place absolutely LOVES IT!!! I usually make them get a gyro, and I can't tell you how many of my friends will go back up for another one because they are so good. The gyro meat is fresh, in fact they carve it right there. There is also a bar in the back of the restaurant. I kind of wish it wasn't there because it attracts some "unsavories" and takes away from the atmosphere in the restaurant. But you can't win them all.Keep in mind that this is a cash-only establishment, so hit the ATM on the way. You will not be disappointed with this place. This place is really a gem!!!
I decided to visit this restaurant based upon the lone review here on yelp.  Also, my uncle married a lady from Ethiopia, and I was curious about the cuisine.We arrived around 10:00 on a Tuesday night, and the place was pretty much empty.  We were the lone non-Ethiopians in the joint.The surroundings were nice, but relatively spartan.  Our server, who obviously saw that we were clueless, was very nice and offered suggestions on what to order.  We went with lamb tibs and a beef dish of some sort.OK.  Things are going well so far.  I'm drinking my beer, life is good.The beef entree arrives on a big, metal plate.  There's also a basket with five or six napkins in it.  The food is sitting on this big pancake-looking thing.  No silverware to be found.  WTF  Where's my freaking forkThe server, sensing our confusion, unrolled one of the napkins to reveal not a napkin, but another one of those pancake thingys.  Holy crap!   I get it, you rip off part of the napkin (which has a very strange texture, like a sponge), to scoop up the delicious morsels sitting on the pancake.OK, that's funny.  I'm a fucking yokel from North Dakota.  TEE HEE HEE. You can stop laughing now.  Really.  I'm a rube, we get it.OK...the food was delicious.  A bit spicy, but in a good way.  The lamb tibs were a bit charred and had lots o' gristle, but were very flavorful and had a nice sauce to accompany them.  Very nice.Service was at a leisurely pace, and the server was very nice and attentive.  The tab was about $30, and I had three beers.  CHEAP AS HELL!I asked the server what the bread was made of, she said sunflowers, but I didn't buy it.  I subsequently learned the bread is injera, which is made out of a grain called teff.  Who knew  I ain't never seen none of them there teff farmers out here in NoDak, no sireee!!!!  Wheat  Check.  Barley  Check.  Flax  Check.  Teff  Um, Nope.I'm looking forward to hitting an Ethiopian restaurant on my next trip to the big city (MplsSt.Paul, Denver, etc...) and would return here on my next visit to LV.Closed Circuit to Laura B:  You COULD have explained what the napkins were for.  Just sayin'.
OK, after the Thai place at that location closed I began to wonder what will open in its place At some point this was also some kind of Mediterranean restaurant, but never went there. After almost two months of watching people come in and out of that place, they were ready for business. I was a little hesitant at first, but I walked in for lunch and I really liked what I had, but, I noticed that they a pastry display and began to wonder what kind they had. So, about three weeks after my initial visit I walked in and went straight to the pastry display. I purchased a couple of croissants and two of what the owner described as King's Torte (an Epiphany staple). Although it set me back almost $20.00, I must say it was worth every penny. I haven't returned for lunch, but I make at least one stop a week to get my sweet fix. You have to try it one day.
All my life I wanted to be able to wear long, dangly earrings. Seeing as how I spent most of that life as a boy, however, I wasn't ready to realize this dream until, like,  yesterday, when I came into Halo to get my lobes done.Admittedly, this wasn't my first trip to Halo. I came here a couple days earlier with Misty S so she could get her ears stretched. I was supposed to get mine pierced that day too, but I froze up once I realized that I wasn't just going to be able to "flash my ID" to them and let that be that. They hold onto your ID until after you get the piercing done, which in the back of my paranoid and irrational mind meant that it gave them plenty of time to decide they want to "reserve their right to refuse service".Yes, I know I'm silly. And as long as The Man keeps using his bureaucracy and red tape to keep me down, the silliness shall continue non-stop. So don't judge me.self-pitying rantI sulked for a couple days, pondering. Eventually I came to the realization that it was either this or Claire's, and I was not allowed to let this simple procedure that I had romanticized into a sort of rite of passage be performed by an unqualified teenage girl with a piercing gun. So I inevitably returned with Misty S, who had by this time decided she wanted to get her brow done. I know, how romantic, rightNow that I wasn't trying to ignore the screaming voice inside my head, I noticed that I quite dig the feel of Halo. The staff is uber-friendly in a "gabba gabba one of us one of us" kind of way and if you think that's a Ramones reference I will throw my fucking shoe at you.I found it really remarkable that the guy behind the counter, who had no visible piercings to the naked eye, knew so much about piercing himself.He was actually able to talk Misty S out of something (she wanted a ring for her brow, but he presented a convincing argument as to why a barbell would be safer and easier to handle to start out with). Fuck. Even I can't talk her out of anything. Retrospectively, it might help if I actually stick with my "spitefully holding out on sex" act, but I can never keep it up for long. I know. I know.Our piercer was Ana, who we both absolutely fell in love with. Tall, tattooed (supposedly everywhere but her face and feet) and foul-mouthed, she had that perfect mixture of intimidating dominatrix and down-to-earth gal pal that really put us at ease over this whole "getting metal shoved through our faces while the other watched" bit, which I hate to admit was kind've erotic in its own way.Ana, while making small talk, went into a rant about how piercing externalizes something that we feel on the inside, and that we can't allow ourselves to be limited by what the world sees us as, and after I had a good laugh much to her confusion, I confessed that I knew EXACTLY what she was talking about.Ana took my revelation quite well, though I would've liked a little incredulousness. Nobody's ever surprised anymore.Apparently she has some  trans clientele herself and offered to do my "how's your father" once I, you know, get one. So now when my surgeon asks me if I have any questions I can go "so yeah, I'm thinking of getting a piercing...how long should I wait..."Laying down in the chair, surrounded by pictures of scantily clad women in corsets with a tall tattooed Amazon in a medical mask hovering over me while my partner watched, I couldn't remember if I was getting a piercing or if I had just been cast in a medical fetish movie. And then she said "take a deep breath" before harpooning my left ear lobe. I winced a lilttle, I'll admit. See Also: Big fucking crybaby.Afterwards she did my right lobe, I cried a little more, and I got off the chair so Misty could hug me and tell me how brave I was.See Also: Lies.We both gave Ana a big hug and promised to come back (with chocolate, since apparently they keep pouring hard candies into her 'candy dish' and she can't fucking stand them) and went out to look for her car, which had a big sticker that said "Jesus Had A Guiche", just as she claimed it did. I wish I was wearing lipstick so I could've left an imprint on her door. But I'm glad I didn't. I would not be surprised if Ana would just kick my ass the next time I visited.Misty and I sat in the truck for a few minutes, looking at our fancy new piercings and drinking the Monsters that the guy at the counter had just given us for free without any real explanation. Fuck, some places won't even let you split a check, and these guys just throw free shit they've got lying around at you. That's class.It really, in the end, wasn't that painful. We just pretended it did so we had an excuse to walk over to Red Hot Robot and begin what I predict will become a crippling obsession with vinyl toys.
I don't know what to say about the other reviews. When I went here I had gotten a chocolate, strawberry, whipped cream crepe. It was so delicious. The perfect treat after a long day of shopping and walking.
Penzey's is great. I get all my spices there when I can afford it.
This is probably my favorite place in Pittsburgh.  I haven't gotten a single dish that I haven't enjoyed yet.  The Loobyeh is outstanding, so is the sleek, hummus, tabboolee, shish kabobs, and gyros.  And the grape leaves with sirloin are delicious.  My favorite dish is the Raw Kibbee which is only available on Saturdays.  At $13.00 a plate its the best deal on the planet.  I'd easily pay double for it. I love eating different cuisines, but if this was the only place on earth to eat I'd be more than okay with it.
Tina makes you feel like a member of her family the first time you go there.  I regret I didn't go there sooner but didn't know anyone in the area to go with and was inhibited to go by myself--boy was I wrong!  She made me feel right at home, came over to talk with me every chance she got, and mother-henned me till I left even though I'm older than her!  She was supposed to close about 10 but we hung out talking and watching TV till about 11:30pm!  Such a delightful person--a real asset to Chandler.  The food is delicious--very flavorful without being too spicy for the average person.  If you're vegetarian there are plenty of veggie dishes to fill you up. I loved that I had leftovers to take home and enjoy the next day.  I forgot to mention this is often a one-woman show. Tina is the hostess who welcomes you, the waitress who takes your order, the cook and busboy.  I don't know how she does it all but she does!  The injera bread and Ethiopian tea are both delicious, by the way.  I'm back in San Diego now but hope to see her on my next trip to Chandler.
What a great evening! I am convinced that our instructor, Bricklend, was a big part of that... she was hilarious and made the night SO MUCH FUN!  I didn't expect to like my finished product as much as I do since I have ZERO experience painting.  She made it easy, fun, entertaining and overall a really wonderful time with my friends.  Looking forward to next time!
I love this place!  Been here twice out of three trips to Montreal and it never gets old.  The food is cooked to PERFECTION. Literally. Every time.  Sometimes I think they cook better than all these four stars around here.For starters, a shot of vodka in an ice cold shot glass served to us before dinner.  Potoato vodka smooth,vanilla flavour.The story of the owners is awesome- they wanted to buy the painting on the wall, and because they were never able to buy it, they asked one day if they could buy the restaurant, and the owners said yes!Appetizers:Terrine de foie gras maison et ses toastsOur own duck foie gras, toasted bread with caramelized onions marinated in onion jam!The owners brought us a special caviar to go with the foie gras terrine and  caviar marinated in balsamic vinegar... on toasted brioche!3 shots of vodka and we're not drunk yet. The crisp vanilla scent, warm massaging moments... laughter over friends... amazing company.Duck breast medium rare surrounding a deep fried mash potato. Sittin atop is a baked pear the the sauce is sweet and savory with duck fat.Crisp from the potato, tender duck breast, amazingly bright flavors coming together as one, but massaging each part of your tastebuds separately.  Makes a wonderful sensation on your mouth!  And fresh peeled carrots, french cut green beans, asparagus, greens and peeled pear.The stroganoff, that I tasted from is so tender and soft, amazing flavor.  I cannot say more due to the wonderful vodka that I was fed.The steak tartar is vibrant with horseradish    spread on top of bread. This is amazing!!Seriously, a must come place.  On a street with tons of bars. :)
Note to self - do not write anything but 5 star reviews to a place that you frequent because your picture is attached to profile...My original review, 3 stars thinking that the 'A-OK' 3-star designation was an affirmation.Of course I wander in this morning and I am firmly rebuffed...evidently being called adorable isn't good enough nor are all the other positives I mentioned - it's the 3 stars.So, ignoring the fact that there aren't any outside tables...ignoring the fact that within an hour of direct sunlight, the place heats up unbearably...Ignoring the fact that I sometimes get pan-handled outside...ignoring the fact that I sometimes have to hunt them down for a refill on my coffee...ignoring the infrequent times I've gone there to find them closed because the baker pulled a no-show the night before (less frequent these days)...The donuts are always good, the coffee is quite good and the women are indeed adorable...a 5 star update.Now Linda, please, can I get refills  ;-)
Now, this one doesn't really fit into any category, because it is a nonprofit org, but I really felt compelled to put a review in for it to help get the word out.  This is such a great way to volunteer your time, and they are always in need of Bigs, especially men.  The boys waiting for a Big sometimes have to wait for a year just to get one, and with some of these children, they need someone now.If you have a few extra hours a month, a tiny bit of your time can help do wonders for a child.  I have been a Big since February, and it is such a rewarding experience.  For privacy issues, I won't go into the details of my Little, but she is a really great girl.  She gets excited every time we talk and she makes as much of a difference in my life as I do hers.Some of the things we have done together:mini golfDave and Bustersmovies (lots)Ceramic painting at As You WishChildren's Literacy Luncheon - AZ Kidney FoundationAnd we've also just hung out at my house and talked.  There are so many kids out there who just need someone to talk to, and to show them that they are special and important.  If you have the time and energy, I don't think that there is a better place that you could spend it.
ONO FOOD!  So many different things to chose from!  My personal favorite is the Meat Jun.  The portion sizes are huge, and if you LOVE rice just as much as I do, no worries about ever running out of rice with your plate, they give you lots!  So all you transplants from Hawaii,  or if you're from the mainland and happen to like "local food", like my husband, you gotta check out this place!Also, they've moved across the street from where the address says.  I dont know the exact address but its in the Smiths parking lot.~aloha~
Awesome breakfast!
We felt like royalty at Marrakech!  I took my fiancee here for our first anniversary as part of a full day of activities in Las Vegas.  After driving from Los Angeles, seeing a show, and wandering around, this was the kicker at the end of the night...and it didn't disappoint.Marrakech is a very unassuming restaurant from the outside.  It looks like a regular hole in the wall joint, with nothing spectacular going on inside.  This is where this facade ends.  Once we stepped in, we felt as if we'd been transported to a distant land, where the royalty had lavish tents filled with food, drink, and debauchery.  The interior had a beautiful, and romantic appeal which seduced us with beauty, aroma, and ambiance.  We were lead to our section of the "tent" and began our meal.  It was explained to us that the menu is prix fixe, and if we had any preferences (vegetarian) to let them know.  We did not, so they began to serve us.Before the meal started, they washed our hands in rose water over a beautifully elaborate bowl, and we knew that we were in for a treat.  Next, they began to bring out the food.  Each dish was extravagant, and each dish progressively tasted better and better.  We were wowed by the presentation of the dishes, and the flavors exceeded even the visual appeal of the beautifully prepared dishes.Just when we thought we were done, they brought out the dancers.  Now this was a year into our relationship, so I began to avert my eyes from the dancers, and enjoy the company with whom I was spending my time.  My fiancee, however, thought it would be a good idea to make me dance with the dancer.  I obliged, and after an embarrassing (but fun) dance, I was affirmed of the excellence of this place.We have tried looking around for somewhere similar in our area, but have yet to try something, since this was one of the best dining experiences we had.  We have never found Moroccan food to even come close.
Fish tacos were excellent!! Great brewed beers on tap as well!!!!!!
I worked out here for about a month and a half when I was working in Charlotte.  The locker rooms and the equipment are all very clean, and you always have a fresh towel available to you.  The staff that work here are super nice, friendly, and are always willing to lend a hand.  I like this Y better than the other ones around Charlotte mostly because it's not always super crowded and you almost never have to wait to use a machine.  I really like the classes- especially spin - I forgot her name but my lady (she was pregnant at the time) was always motivating and kept me going!  It's a nice cozy little gym that is very convenient if you live within walking distance.  Parking is readily available too if you aren't.
Remember When.... I always do when I go to this ice cream shop... The oldies playing and the best and biggest ice cream in Pgh.. The large ice cream cone comes out the side door cause they can't fit out the window...WoW it's great and has been great for many many years.. Been going there since I was a young young lad I'm now 27 and take my family there we love it... Keep up the good work
Wow I'm blown away. I got an email from the new owner apologizing for a bad experience from the previous time I had when it was under the old management and I have to say this is now my new favorite place. They were super nice and friendly they have great lasting hookah (the moonshine mix is AMAZING) they have board games that you can play with your friends while you're chilling out, always have fresh coals. Pool tables galore. Even tho the tv was down (satalite problems) I still had a great experience. Will be back for sure quiet a lot I'm glad this place is back.P.s. no more cameras in the bathroom! YAY!!:)
Center of the hot dog universe! Been eating here for 20+ years, never had anything but hot dogs (chili, mustard, and slaw) and french fries. It's the chili that makes this place special. They have other "stuff" on the menu, but what's the point  And, the y have the best crushed ice on the planet. If they ever close the doors, I'm buying the ice machine.
Moved to Pittsburgh from Philly a year ago. Our standard for restaurants is "if it were in Philly would be go back." The answer for Cafe Zinho is YES.  One of the only excellent restaurants in the City (along with Salt and Dish). If you find the Big Burrito empire restaurants and their coy cats lackluster and are looking for something outstanding, go here. Cozy, BYO and excellent food, particularly if you go with the Portuguese items on the menu.  Our faves were the sardines to start and the fish stew for a main (OMG good).  Okay, in Philly I would give this four starts but for Pittsburgh, 5.
where else can you find all the parts and pieces for a 9 year old girl to become Albert Einstein  they carry real theatre makeup here too which is very handy if you ever find yourself needing to go onstage.  just a fun place to wander around and find crazy things for costumes and parties.
Wow!  Anita is an amazing therapist.  Her energy and skill level is top notch.  I have seen many great therapists in the valley but I have found my favorite.  She works out of two locations and also does out-call.  What a great gift for yourself or someone else.  If you are looking for true healing through body work, call Anita.
I love walking into this place. Not only do they have an AMAZING dolce de leche gelato (my favorite) but the owners are hardcore Italians with a passion for their gelato. It's run and operated by two Italian brothers and their wives, and they always seem to appreciate my feeble attempts at conversing in Italian, haha! This is truly the hidden gem of all Arizona gelato, you can by far taste the difference from any other "authentic gelato posers." This is worth the splurge for an after dinner treat...or before dinner ;-) Along with dolce de leche, the chocolate coconut and the spicy chocolate are ones to test out as well. You feel like every bite you take here is fresh like it's been made that morning. The best part is even a small gives you enough to leave you satisfied. In order to be a true gelato connoisseur (as well as save a few calories) eat it slow...it's worth the time to savor at this place!
I just came back from the candle lighting ceremony at my church for my Greek Orthodox Easter. So Xristos Anesti to all the Orthodox Christians out there. Right before midnight, the church goes black and we all have our candles ready. Then each of our candles gets lit from the person next to us until everyone has a lit candle. The ceremony is so beautiful that I started crying. At that moment when we celebrate Christ rising, I feel so spiritual and close to him. I felt something pass through my body. Another year, another Easter, another beautiful ceremony. Xristos Anesti kai Xronia Polla.
We love this place. We go each time we are in Vegas. They have our favorite ribs. It's a full rack for $20 including fries. Note: the ribs are coated with a guava-based BBQ sauce, so don't expect the typical smoky southern barbecue. They have a full bar with a complete catalog of mixed drinks, although the drinks are pricey. Located on Flamingo road just east of the strip, but not walking distance. Lots of other Caribbean inspired dishes, but we have never tried any other items because the ribs are too good to pass up.
I prefer CK YMCA to Dowd during the week. For one thing, it's less crowded. I also feel that people are a bit more "real" at CK... I don't feel underdressed when I'm working out and people actually talk to you -whereas at Dowd I feel a bit inferior because I don't own any Lululemon & I actually take my makeup off before working out. Don't get me wrong, there are some great people at Dowd & you'll find me there most Sundays -but for a middle class person that works in uptown, I find CK way more welcoming & a better workout environment than Dowd during the work week.
Great museum on a terrific college campus.  I know it doesn't get the attention the sports facilities do but it should.Check it out next time you are in C-U.  It is a great way to recharge your batteries and let the power of art soothe your soul.
As a self proclaimed beer snob, I love to try any new and off the wall beer that I can get my hands on.  Tenaya Creek is one of the best places in town to do just that!Aside from their standard collection of brewed on site beer, Tenaya Creek always features a few seasonals.  You can find everything from an oatmeal stout to a double IPA, depending on the season.  They also carry rarer beers on tap from breweries such as Sierra Nevada, Stone, New Belgium, Rogue, North Coast, etc.If you're looking for Budweiser, this isn't the place to go. However,  if you want a quality beer at a great price, I'd advise anyone to stop in and give it a try.  In fact, if you're looking for Budweiser, go to Tenaya Creek and have their high quality Pilsner instead.  Your taste buds will thank you!
The staff and the craft brew selection is great. With games, dart boards and a pool table, the KP is a great local hangout. Linda
The dealers are so knowledgeable and helpful! We always find some great stuff. We just recently purchased vintage blue glass BALL jars from the 1950's for a DIY project.
I worked out here for about a month and a half when I was working in Charlotte.  The locker rooms and the equipment are all very clean, and you always have a fresh towel available to you.  The staff that work here are super nice, friendly, and are always willing to lend a hand.  I like this Y better than the other ones around Charlotte mostly because it's not always super crowded and you almost never have to wait to use a machine.  I really like the classes- especially spin - I forgot her name but my lady (she was pregnant at the time) was always motivating and kept me going!  It's a nice cozy little gym that is very convenient if you live within walking distance.  Parking is readily available too if you aren't.
I have come many times and the food and service is always outstanding!  I love the lunch specials, but dinner is also a great deal.  I treated my dad who came from out of town and I love when I get to order for people!  We had the jack scallops and jack beef.  There is a Monday special - order a beverage with entree and get a % off depending on if it is alcoholic or not.  They always give coupons.  Drinks are free with lunch (even beer!)  I love the matcha green iced tea!The scallops are high quality so they can be eaten raw or cooked.  Unlimited veggies include napa cabbages, tofu noodle (shirataki - you can buy these at whole foods if you want to make them at home - just boil and dip!), tofu, carrots, bamboo shoots, snow peas, green onions!  Then you get a small thing of shredded daikon and chopped scallions (my fave) to add to sauces or just eat, plus unlimited salad and steamed rice and the dipping sauces.  I LOVE the spicy sauce - the waitress showed me how it is made so I can make it at home.  I drank it all!  Also love the sesame peanut and ponzu of course.The service is attentive and the waitress skims the fat off the top of the water and refills drinks constantly.  Ice cream is ALWAYS on the house - get it with matcha powder!!!  A great deal, very healthy, cooking food in spring water and no oil!!!  My dad is diabetic so it was great and very filling.  I will definitely be back...we need to keep this place open!  Very nice decor too - my dad noticed.
The most amazing chocolate ever! When my husband was trying to woo me he had a gigantic box sent to me in LA, needless to say a man that would send something so delicious won me over.This place has been here for a while and anytime I come home I have to go to the original location located in my hometown of Verona. It's a little like stepping into Willy Wonka's chocolate factory. Walking through the front door with its' large "C" handle and heading to the counter to get your sample is incredibly fun. I only wish there was a location here in LA.
Amazing experience. The restaurant is BYOB, and don't be fooled by the lasers outside, the atmosphere inside is wonderful: elegant and quiet enough to talk. We brought a bottle of wine and ordered three hibachi dinners, one with filet mignon, one with scallops and the last with chicken.  All were great, but the filet mignon was a knockout. Tender and perfectly cooked. On top of it all, the servers were courteous and attentive. Definitely going back!
We returned to Sweet Tomatoes for the first time since the STFK remodel.  fortunately they changed back to the Sweet Tomatoes they once were and it was great.  Thanks for listening ST.   Actually some of the remodel is carried over to the redo and it actually is better then before...
Although in the middle of concord mills', we found this place surprisingly authentic, reasonably priced, and, most importantly, delicious.  We would definitely recommend this place to somebody looking for something a bit outside the norm.
If you are a carnivore, this is the place for you! For about 30.00, you can have unlimited salad bar, cheesy rolls, rice, beans, fried bananas, crab legs, pineapple and best of all MEAT. In case you have never been to a a Brazilian Steakhouse, here is what you can expect: You start with their wonderful salad bar that has a wide array of salads and side dishes, then you turn over this tri colored stick which sends the message to start bringing the meat along with all the fixins. They will bring you the best hot cheesy rolls ever, rice and beans, and some terrific fried bananas. Then comes the meat on skewers. They come to your table with multiple types of meat and you tell them if you want it. If so, they will cut off a piece for you. Before you know it, you have an entire plate filled with various meats and the best sweetest grilled pineapple. To wrap it up, this place is awesome! The price is reasonable and the service is always spot on. Try this place if you like lots of meat. You will not be sorry!
I LOVE At One Yoga. I seriously would go there every single day - maybe twice a day -  if it wasn't so damn expensive. Why is it so expensive Boo hoo. Anyway, price aside - I think this is one of the best Yoga spots I've ever been too. They have tons of classes at convenient times, great instructors, spacious clean and comfortable rooms and a great variety of classes and instructors too. I really like Jen C and Sarah B. The Flow classes rock and the hip hop class is the best thing ever. The classes at the Scottsdale location are better than the Phoenix location, but I'm not sure why. I think they are more intense in Scottsdale.To be honest with you, I tried Yoga dozens of times and never really liked it until my experience with At One Yoga. So thank you At One Yoga - you introduced me to a new love...that I can't afford.
wasn't sure what to expect, but the food was EXCELLENT.  personal service from the husband & wife owners make you feel right at home.  the tabouleh and hommos definitely rival anyplace i've ever tried.  they actually make the tabouleh to order!!!  incredibly fresh and delicious.  delicious baklava!  and, although i didn't try any, the donuts also looked amazing.  might have to stop back and pick up a dozen, for the road.
I recently moved to the Uptown area and have been frantically trying to experience every bar and restaurant the city has to offer to find my "go-to" joint. We were "tipped off" by a fellow Charlottinian about Alexander Michael's, and were intrigued by the directions he gave us to get there. "You're not far from it. Off the beaten path. Shortcut through the shrubs." I already liked it. Once we found the shortcut, we immediately smelled the food and followed our noses. It is tucked away in a residential area and if the food didn't smell so good you might walk right by it. We sat at the bar and needed to pull the candle closer in order to read the menu. If you take anything from this review let it be this: Honey. Garlic. BBQ Wings. YUM.I ordered the veggie burger as my main and was expecting nothing exciting, since most restaurants serve the usual warm-on-the-outside-cold-in-the-middle-sad-excuse-for-a-meal hockey puck. I was surprised that it was not only excellent and flavorful, but clearly home made. They had a great selection of micro-brewed beers in addition to the usual suspects, so my fiancee was happy from the moment we sat down. Laid back, fun and low-key, we definitely found our go-to joint. Oh, and ladies, watch out for the pole in the bathroom. You'll thank me later.
Awesome awesome food. Probably the best gyro meat I have tried in the valley, and the firefighter pita will surely satisfy spice-o-philes such as myself...mmm. Chicken gyros are just as delicious. My coworkers and I eat here at least once a week. Keep it up!
How have I been living in Pittsburgh for over a year without a visit to this awesome site!  My husband and I finally paid a visit to the Frick thanks to the "We Love Our Members" promotion that local museums were offering to their members.  (We are members at the Carnegie).  I was vaguely familiar with who Frick was and knew there was a house tour, but I had no idea how much this site had to offer.  Our visit began with a trip into the shopvisitor's center.  There we browsed the gift shop while waiting for the tour to begin.  The gift shop building was once a playhouse for the children and you can still see where gutters for the bowling alley run through the middle of the floor.  It was a great place to start the tour and begin learning about the family and their connection to the area and American industry.  I am not a Pittsburgh native, so I knew very little about them.  It is important to note that you can't bring large bags with you on the tour, but they do provide free lockers to store them while you are in the house.The tour continued by entering the house.  The enclosed porch provides a coat rack so you don't have to lug it around with you.  The house is detailed as if the Frick family was still living there.  We learned from our docent that they were fortunate that one of the family members lived there through the 1980s, so the house was well maintained and preserved.  Each room has exquisite detail and decor.  Our guide spent a great deal of time explaining and showcasing the art work.  Many local Pittsburgh artists were featured along with well known artists such as Monet.  Every aspect of the rooms were detailed including showcasing the new development at the time, aluminum.  The rooms upstairs featured less detail but were still interesting.  After our visit to the house, we stopped in the green house.  I'm not that in to plants, but it was interesting to learn that the plants grown there are used in the cafe.Speaking of the cafe, we stopped in just to check it out.  They were fully booked that day (which is fine since we weren't planning on eating anyway) but we were so enticed by the dessert selections that we got two desserts to go.  A nutella cheese cake and a baked apple.  We enjoyed those later that evening after dinner.I am not that in to cars, but the car and carriage museum was very interesting.  The first section is carriages that the Frick family used.  My favorite was their "special occasion" carriage that even had  foot warmer!  The car area featured various automobiles that had a connection to Pittsburgh.  There is also the option of watching three short videos about automobiles in Pittsburgh.The art museum alone is worth a visit.  They were preparing for an exhibit when we were there so only the Italian and French sections were open, but they were fantastic.  A great collection with amazing detail and descriptions of each of the paintings.  The interior of the building is an attraction itself.  It does not look like it was built in the 1960s with the fantastic marble and woodwork.Overall, a very enjoyable place to visit that I highly recommend to anyone because there really is something for everyone at Frick.
It's kind of nice to know that your favorite comic book store and someone involved in the comic business are out there doing some good for the world.Mike Bullock, writer for The Phantom, helped create a line of stories called "Invisible Children" based on the civil wars happening in Uganda and what horrors the children there are facing.  They are being kidnapped by a warlord and forced to fight for his army.  How sick is thatLast Saturday, the 11th, Mike made an appearance at Samurai Comics to make people aware of what was happening and sign books.  Proceeds of the books went toward helping these children.  Samurai also donated a percentage of their sales that day to the same cause.A co-worker of mine is a close friend of Mike's and told me there may still be copies at the store.  If you like comics, there's nothing I can think of that's better than getting something you enjoy as well as helping others in the world.Kudos to Samurai and Mike for donating some of their time and money to helping such a cause.Check out the website on the Invisible Children, talking about the movement to save these children's lives.http:www.invisiblechildren.comhome.php
We're huge fans of the Squirrel Hill location for the great prices, huge menu and fresh bagels. The Ellsworth location is even better because it has all those great features and is way less crowded. Outside seating and super friendly staff make it my new favorite place to stroll on weekend mornings!
I have been to Needleworks a few times for various projects.  Every single time, the staff and the regular knitters have been incredibly helpful.  I had a question about gauge for different yarn weights, and one of the ladies who worked there made a copy of a chart for me to keep.  I had a question about beginning colorwork, and the ladies who were knitting gave me great advice about how to pick a pattern for my skill level and what yarn to get.  There are always people knitting there in their free time, and I understand why.  It's such a nice place to be.  I really have been consistently impressed with the customer service and the yarn I have found at Needleworks.
Very helpful, professional, and super friendly. Best price in town for an insurance appraisal. I would most certainly recommend them. Thank you!
The breakfast crepes with the soytang sauce are enough to drag me out of bed on the weekend that's how good they are.   And let's not even talk about all the sweet crepes full of chocolately goodness that you can order.
Early morning, what's better than a quite bite at Frite Alors. My boyfriend and I finally had our first taste of poutine in Montreal. We ordered the classic poutine and ate it on the go since we had quite a number of destinations to hit up. Hot poutine in the morning is amazing. Fries, gravy and cheese curds is just the perfect match made. I liked how the gravy tasted, light and definitely not to overwhelmingly salty. Pair it with the fries and cheese and I was having an early morning orgasm in my mouth. So far, the best poutine I had in Montreal. But I certainly will keep looking.
I'm used to the BritishAussie spelling of Kebab so i'm going to refer to this place as Kebab Korner.Wow if i do end up going downtown more often it's likely because of Kebab Corner. Found this little spot via a recommendation from Anthony M. Totally forgot about the Super Gyro so the cashier recommended the number 2 entree. Chicken Boti Kebab (Kabob)I didnt like the salad at all. All it did was take up space for extra rice or another piece of chicken or a place to put the two sauces. Sure it did add a little bit of color but it was wasted space for the food.The rice was quite superb. Very fragrant and spiced perfectly, every bite was a melody of flavors you can lose yourself in. The Chicken was just perfect, seasoned with just the right amount of spices, cooked to the point where there's a nice char flavor but still tender and juicy in the middle. Pair the chicken with the red sweetspicy sauce made from dates and chilis and WOW.The pita bread was above and beyond as well, soft and fluffy to the touch, chewy and flavorful to the bite.Fell in love with the entree, next time going to have an affair with the Pitas.
Heaven in a donut!  This place is a hidden gem.  They are closed Monday and Tuesday.  They open at 6am on weekdays and 7am on weekends.  Get there early!  Once they sell out, they close.  Weekends the line will be out the door at 7 am!You just have to try them!  I can't say enough about how amazing these donuts are!
I have been coming to this place for at least 3 years and still can't get enough. It's an odd location, considering they're right next door to another Chinese Restaurant, but the food here is fantastic.The service is always quick and the food is delicious, my fave: Beef Chow Fun. This is one place I don't mind picking up the tab :)
Since moving to Charlotte I have been on the lookout for authentic TrinidadianCaribbean food.  I have tasted the Buss up Shut from here with curry beef with potato and it was authentic! My husband is already trying to entice me to return so we could try the rest of the menu! He had a Carib while he waited for the food.  I have not had a Carib in years however I prefer Shandy Sorrell :-)  I am originally from Trinidad however I have lived in the States for the past 11 years.  I will definitely return to try some more!
Great food and one of the best people that ever worked in the restaurant business.Get ready to wait in line, cramped spaces and maybe even ready to share your table with a complete stranger, but the food is worth it. Their dragon roll is great, any sushi is great. The student menu is cheap and unlike other asian places very well made.Have been going there for a while. I don't mind the trek from CMU to oakland to go to this gem.Try it once, you won't regret it, you'll want to be back there the very next day.
when we're in vegas with the guys, all they want to do is eat steak. i was sick of eating steak and wanted something "light" and asiany. so we went to noodles and was quite amazed at the diversity of the different asian dishes. we ordered dim sum, noodle soups, and a malaysian curry that was just sooo damn good, perfect i would say. must.go.again.
This place is simply awesome.  The civiche is incredible!  The only civiche I have had that compares was prepared by a local Panamanian woman on Boca Brava in Panama, but I digress.All the other reviews go into great detail about this place and are very accurate.I would also like to mention the service is fantastic.
Been going here for a little over 2 years and the owners feel like family. The food is always amazing and fresh, the owners are super friendly. You can tell the little lady gets joy out of making her food for people and she is damn good at it. I recommend the Pho, Vegetarian fried rice with veggies, Orange Peel Chicken and the Angry Chicken. Oh yeah, and the spring rolls are killer.
Great pizza and wonderful staff! I love their house italian dressing for their salads!
Fresh Meat, Fresh Veggies and authentic Sauce.  I love Mongolian BBQ food and this is wonderful.  They do not use "frozen meat" and boy can you tell.  They have Chicken, Beef, And Seafood to choose from. Most of the time service is good.
I came to this place a couple years back. Harbor Palace Seafood Restaurant was a pretty good place to eat. I enjoyed the food that had here.
These guys here are great (in fact all the JJ I've been to), and the staff is exceptionally inviting and friendly. This is a way better alternative to other types of fast food and drink type conveniences. Check these guys out.
a bit of a drive for us, but this was well worth it. we met a fellow foodie couple here. they have cool seating, with all the tapestries and low seating, but we opted for a table because i'd gots bad knees. i had a spinach casserole type dish and it was abso-smurfly delic. my girl had another veggie dish was also quite awesome. and the cabbage salad that came on the side was incredible. we also ordered a sampler appetizer and i loved everything on it....a little hummus and a few other items i don't really know because it was all in turkish. i wanted a turkish coffee but the waitress said it was very strong and since i have an early bedtime, i waited on that one. great food and our waitress was super attentive...something i've really come to appreciate as i've "matured". 2 entrees, an appetizer for 35 bucks. not bad.....
Always amazing! My Husband and I frequent Ruth's Chris for almost every special-occasion: birthdays, anniversaries, when we need a great meal; and without fail we leave euphoric. After almost each bite, we close our eyes to shut-out the sense of sight to focus on the taste and aroma of the garlicky, creaminess of the Remoulade on our salads; the richness of the Pesto on our Sea Scallops; the buttery-goodness of our dry-aged steak; and the salty crunch of our French Fries, which Kathy suggested we dip into Honey-mustard for a fantastic salty-sweet combination.Friday is a good reason to go... Reservations are calling!
We've been to this pleasant little shop several more times and always enjoy it. You can get occasional great deals on clearance items. I still haven't tried that Shandy Bass, though!
I read the reviews, and decided to give this place a try, as it was the highest rated Korean food place in Vegas on Yelp. This hole-in-the-wall is nestled amongst the seedy massage parlors and stripper clothing stores. GPS led me right to it. They are opening a new location at Spring Mtn. and Rainbow this week, so try that one if you're looking for more ambiances. Korean food in Vegas is usually sub par and way over priced. This place was a complete surprise and a wonderful new experience. Not a place to take a first date, but a great place for home-style Korean and Hawaiian food. The menu said fusion, but the dishes were not really fused. Korean food was just like mom makes, and the Hawaiian food was just like I've had in Hawaii. Didn't see anything like Moco Kim-chee bap. My group of 5 enjoyed everything we ordered. Here is the breakdown:Me - I ordered the Loco Moco. Although I've only had it at chain stores like L&L and Ono Hawaiian, I can say that Island Style's is hands down the BEST. The gravy is awesome. It is Loco Moco, so I'm definitely going to gain a few lbs from it, but it wasn't as heavy as the chain versions. Highly recommend. Wife - Soon Du Boo. Excellent. Just like the local spots in L.A. Very authentic. Daughter (6yrs old) - Spam and eggs. "Yummeee!!". If you like Spam and eggs, how can they get it wrong Sister - Curry lover say the curry is as close to home made as she's had. She is so picky that she doesn't even like Curry House. Mom - Madu Guk. Even my mom was impressed with the taste. She said it tasted really homemade. Overall a wonderful place to stop to get a great meal that tastes very authentic.  Husband is from Hawaii, and the wife id Korean, so they really know what they're doing. The fact that the menu had both styles made me real nervous, but the tastes were not sacrificed in any way. The hospitably was top notch. Both the husband and wife were super friendly and overly generous with the side dishes, tea, boiled peanuts, and even gave a dish of fried wontons for us to sample. The kim-chee was super authentic and the pickled cucumber was awesome. As soon as we got close to finishing a dish, they brought out another heaping dish. Enjoy!!
this place is perfect to get stuffed with food andor drinks. ill start with the drinks. the all day (fri and sat til 7p) happy hour specials switch depending on the day. but you can get at least a bud light draft or well drink for just $1 or $2. small bar area if you just want to drink too. nice to pre-game a cine-capri movie...or shoppingfood: build your own bowl with a pretty good selection of meats, veggies, spices, sauces, etc.. the bowl may seem kinda small, but youre not adding the noodles or sauces in it. you can even practice on their website.......it can make about 2 meals...even for me. its $10 dinner and $14 for 'all you can eat'. not sure how that works tho.  (i signed up to their club and got a free birthday bowl!). some of what i mixed in was some chicken, marinated steak, pork, beef, celery, peppers, with a crazy concoction of spicy sauces. i cant wait to get home and chow on the rest!those wacky mongolians really know whats up. its really that simple.
A great date place. We were in town last summer and found this place because we're atmosphere freaks and the large window allows drivers-by to see what they're getting. The food was fantastic, the waiter was great, the wines were tasty.We shared a couple of champagne flights with our tapas and we've pledged to return everytime we're in the burgh.A great place for upscale eats on E Carson.
I love these wings!!!There are so many flavors here....and I've enjoyed a lot of them...like, Hot, Barbecue, Cajun, Lemon Pepper and Spicy Garlic Parmesan and I have not been disappointed yet! Each wing is juicy and full of flavor, they are always hot and made to order ..SOOOO amazing! Yes...they have more than just wings....like pizza, subs and fries...but I've only had the wings AND trust me YOU are going to want to try these wings...again and again!!!In my opinion, these are the best wings in town!
